This video is going to be an offers masterclass for B2B businesses. The offer is probably the highest leveraged thing that you could possibly have in your business. A better offer means a higher click-through rate, a higher opt-in rate, a higher book call rate, a higher show rate, and a higher close rate. So, if you've ever had problems building an offer that converts, this

master class will be the thing for you. So, let's get started. In this video, I'm going to cover a number of things. I'm going to answer the question, what is an offer? I'm going to answer the question, why do you need one? I'm going to go over some things that really make great offers, like things that people already buy and things people must have.

Then, I'm going to get into the things that make a good offer, the different type of offers, why you need all of them, and then how to create each type. So, these are all real world lessons.

what's working for me right now in my agency, what's working for 550 plus clients in my consulting program, what's working for my venture capital investments, and it should be noted that 90% or more of my clients are either agency owners or preede seed and series A startups. So, all of my videos on my channel are classroom style content. So, there's going to be no editing, no

scripting, just step-by-step plan and as much value as I can possibly do. In every point that I cover, I'm going to go over the problems, the stories, the examples, and the lessons that come with it. So, if we go back to our five pillars of success in any type of business that deals with leads, whether that's B2B, B TOC, but we're dealing with B2B businesses here. So, the five

pillars are the funnel, they are the messaging, they are the planning, they're the metrics, and then they're the personal. So, you need your funnel to send people through. You need the right messaging to attract and convert the right audience. You need a lot of planning to get things done and all of the things you need to do complete. You need metrics because if you don't know

your numbers, you can't possibly improve anything. And you need to have the personal side of things because you have to be a good enough person with your habits, with your thoughts, all of that kind of stuff to manage the other four.

So for offers, we're definitely talking about the funnel here and wouldn't say we're definitely talking about messaging, but it's going to play a big role in the funnel. So let's get to the first question and that is going to be what is an offer. So the main problem that a lot of people have especially I would say agency owners is that many many companies do not even have a real

offer. They rely heavily on referrals, heavily on networking and up until this point regardless of revenue level they've never really needed an offer. Sometimes they have self-limiting beliefs. they think the offer is scammy or whatever, something along those lines. Sometimes they're amateurs, usually the lower level businesses, and they just kind of didn't know they

needed one, which is fine. Everybody learns at a different pace. And most people who don't fit into those buckets, they kind of think they have an offer, but I would say it's just fairly weak in general. Like their offer, they think it's they think an offer is I'm going to manage your ads for you. And that's I wouldn't say really what we're going for. So, I have an example for you here

to show you the difference, right? Let's let's take that other one. I'm going to manage your Facebook ads for your e-commerce brand. Not really an offer, right? That's like a service that you provide. It's not really an offer. I had a client who was a Facebook ad agency for e-commerce stores and essentially they grew to 8 million per year, a little under 8 million using basically

just referrals, just networking and providing a great service. And they do provide probably the best service that I've seen in terms of, you know, their monthly churn rate and average client relationship is very, very low. And the problem that they had is they wanted to sell their agency. They wanted to get to 10 million ARR and then sell it, but they didn't really acquire any customers

themselves. Literally, all of their customers are through word of mouth and networking, referrals, all that kind of stuff. And you know, there's nothing wrong with that. If that gets you to where you want to go and you're happy with that, perfect. But they're not happy with that in this case because they wanted to sell. And basically, they were trying to sell and no one's really

taking them very seriously because they don't actually get and I'm not even exaggerating, literally any customers through cold like traffic. None through ads, none for outreach, none for even content. Absolutely none whatsoever.

So, we came up with the offer for them because the thing about offers is they need to be appealing to your target audience and hopefully only your target audience. So, their target audience was basically any e-commerce store owner. Generally speaking, that's between 10 and 10 million a year and, you know, a couple hundred million a year. There's not

really any upper limit. So, the offer that we kind of came to, and I'll get into the different types of offers later in this video, but the offer that we came to is we're going to take your three best ad creatives and we're going to remake them with 50 plus different avatars. I can't even remember, it was just a ton of different avatars um to that does a couple of things. Number

one, whether you like it or not, you know, whether your political beliefs or beliefs about the world are realistic or kind of imaginary, I would say, you know, people buy and like and interact with people who look like them, right?

So, let's just take one of their best ad creatives. Let's just say it's like me, uh, white guy, blue-eyed. I'm 29 years old at the time of recording. You know, that is not a large percentage of the population, right? Well, maybe it is, maybe it isn't. Who knows? So what they would do with this offer is they take the exact ad that in this case I am the person in the ad and they would remake

it instead. They would remake it with a well a white man, a black man, an Asian man, a Latino man, an Arab man. And then they would do the same with a white woman, a black woman, a Asian woman. You get the picture. And then they would do it the same. And then they would do it with someone who's old and then middle-aged and then young. And then they would do it with someone who's fat

and who's skinny. And you kind of get the picture here. Just proven ads that are pretty much guaranteed to work because they're already working, but just with different avatars to expand their audience. And the value of that is you get a much, you know, more ad creatives that are kind of guaranteed to work, but your ads will start delivering to more, you know,

people because if you, let's just say I had a I had another client here who literally every single one of his ads was just, you know, just black people in the ads, right? They were selling a seamos supplement. And the the the owner like he was not black, but there was two co-founders and one was. And he's just like explaining to me that, you know, he only gets black people as customers. And

I was like, well, yeah. Have you looked at your ads in your site? He's like, okay, like it matters that much? And yes. And he, this is a different client who actually bought the offer from the Facebook ad agency and he expanded his basically reach his number of impressions. His CPM went down and he just got an insane scale of his customer base and I think

he was at 30 million a year or something like that and went to over 100 million a year within like 18 months after he bought this service from this client. So, if you're going to kind of do this yourself, you know, determine what percentage of your customers come from cold channels, like a lot of people that will be zero, but it's kind of a good step because, you know, if you are

getting clients from cold email, for example, you probably have an offer, at least more of an offer than someone who relies on just referrals. And the next step is we want to determine our ICP. And our ICP, we should kind of wireframe it based on who the 80% of our average customers are because there's always going to be people on either extreme, there's always

going to be outliers. But usually you can take 80% or so of your customers and come up with the attributes that they have in common. Whether that's, you know, job title, whether that's race, whether that's gender, whether that's age, whether that's, you know, revenue range in their business, whether that's location, whether that's their niche, whatever, you can usually do a pretty

good job at getting around 80% of people in there. And once you have that, I think you should basically brainstorm 10 potential offers that would appeal to them and only to them. And that's a very important point in my opinion. You want your offer to appeal to your target audience, but only to them. Like, you don't want it to appeal to your target audience and then everyone below them

because you're just going to get a bunch of random people clicking on your ads, ruining your pixel data, you know, following you, all of that kind of stuff. So, something like this, we all going to make your, you know, take your three best ad creatives, remake them.

that kind of like DQs a lot of the smaller level e-commerce stores automatically because they just don't have three ad creatives that are amazing or if they did they'd be a big store right so that's very appealing and that's a good example of you know being very laser focused on your audience versus you know I'm just going to run your Facebook ads for free for you that

would probably be a good offer right but that's going to attract everyone and actually probably be offputting to the the type of customers you're trying to do so what you want to when you have this list of 10 offers or 10 potential offers. I like to run ads and do cold outreach with 10 to see the best responses. That's optional, but you don't even need to make the off or the

like the stuff. You can just basically put an ad up there, do a landing page, see the opt-in rate, and that is not a perfect science, but it's going to give you a pretty good idea to what people click on and what people don't. And you're often going to be surprised. I know I've been very surprised that offers that I thought were stupid. huge click-through rate, huge book call rate,

offers that I thought were good, and the opposite was true. When you do this, you can collect data based on what actually works, not what you think will work. And then you do that before you proceed to the next step. The next step here is to kind of go over and drill into our brain like why do we need an offer to begin with, right?

With cold traffic, you really have no built-in trust or authority like you do with referrals, you do with networking, all that kind of stuff. And many people, in my experience, like really, vastly overestimate how good they are at sales and how good all of their assets and systems are because all of their calls are essentially layups, very easy to close because they come from referrals

and they come from networking. They come in hot and it's just not the same thing. cold audiences. By cold audiences, I'm primarily talking about paid ads and outreach content as well, but if someone's been, you know, like you watching my YouTube video for a while, it's significantly warmer than a pure cold email or a pure like ad campaign.

And cold audiences don't trust you or care about you in the same way. And you need to just be a lot sharper and a lot better in general to convert them. So, an example of this here is I had a Google Ads agency client in the addiction treatment niche. It's kind of a funny niche, but they grew to 30 million per year in revenue at 12% margin in the addiction treatment space.

Basically, only through referrals and word of mouth and they wanted to expand. Should be noted that like this 30 million, you know, 24 million or so will be like they're billing the client, but they have to turn that into ad spend, right? So, it's not like they're stacking up 30 million of retainers. But all of their ads and cold emails never really worked consistently because

there's no offer. It's just like we're going to, you know, we do Google ads. It sounds obvious when you see someone do it, but a lot of people do um not have an offer. So the offer that we settled on was we're going to you're going to put up x amount of budget.

We're going to ma manage it for free for 30 days and if you we get x y and z we're going to continue. x y and z was different for all the clients. Some people wanted calls. Some people wanted it's called a verification of benefits.

Some people just wanted form fills. But we do that for 30 days and if you like it, we'll see. And they were actually very good at what they did. and they had an insane, you know, I don't know what you want to call it, continuation rate from free to paid. It was something like 80%.

So, if you've never closed clients from ads or outreach before, I think the best thing you can do for yourself is to basically throw out all prior tactics and beliefs because they're probably not going to be serving you. be okay with going from one call layup closes from referrals and networking to kind of hostile two to three call closes with a little

rapport at the start. It's just what you need to do to succeed. The next thing is that when I'm getting into this, I like to set up my metrics tracking for stuff like show rate, close rate, all of that kind of stuff. And I like to segment it by source. So I'd have a different calendarly or a different type form or landing page for YouTube versus Twitter versus LinkedIn

versus Facebook ads versus cold email really have a type for landing page for cold email but a different calendarly you want to segment it out by source because when you have like people coming from YouTube and cold email like the if you just have it all in one average the YouTube is going to kind of draw up all of or like artificially inflate all of the rates and that's not really what you

want. So before you kind of finalize your offer, you want to keep going to the next couple of steps that I'm going to talk about. And the first step here is one of the most important concepts.

And it's offers that people already buy. And many people tried too hard to sell stuff that people either don't want, never tried, or never even heard of. One of my best quotes or one of my favorite quotes, it's not my quote here, is something along the line of just because you're unique, just because you are unique doesn't mean you're useful. And it's like it often is accompanied by an

image of a fork that only has, you know, it has like bended prongs or prongs of a fork, whatever the things are. You know, it's very unique, but it's not like all the other forks, but it's not useful at all. Right? It is far easier to do a better job marketing and selling a service and providing, you know, good client results that people already buy rather than do something new. Especially

when you're starting out, unless you're doing something that is truly novel, truly revolutionary that you know, maybe you raised money for or you have some sort of, you know, AI tool or you have something that just no one else can access. I would really recommend proving like focusing on stuff that's proven to work. So, one of an example for you is I had a business loan agency client,

right? And they came to me, this is probably a few years ago at this point, and they were just selling retainers to manage Facebook and Google ads for business loans.

And I don't know, I would say that the average person watching this video doesn't know much about the business loan industry. So, I'm just going to tell you the problem with that is that just, you know, buying leads or buying lists and cold calling them is very very standard in the business loan industry.

That's how most people get all of their leads. So, by selling retainers and, you know, the setting it all up and waiting 14 or 30 days or however and like trying to explain all that to them is not really how that niche operates by default. It's not saying it wouldn't work, but it's not the best way to do it. The number one lead source in that niche is simply buying them, not

generating themselves. So, as soon as I had this business loan client switch from basically retainers to pay per lead, the agency grew from 120k per month in revenue to 800k per month in revenue in 3 months. Instead of just, you know, pay me 5k per month and I'll manage your ads, it's give me your 50k a month budget, I'll spend 40k, generate the leads, and pocket 10k. So you're

making more money, you're having way more revenue, and it just provides a better result to the clients than what they were doing before. So what you want to do here is you want to write down your offer choices from the previous steps. Cross reference them with things that people already buy. If you have something too new or unproven or s, you know, out there, replace it with

something that you've actually seen someone sell before, at least one person. And then do some research and find what people like and don't like about past vendors. and then finish off with at least 10 ideas that people already buy that you can do better based on your research. And that's what you really want to do here.

The next step here is the offers that people must have. And this is, in my opinion, the most impactful one. Most offers do not have a built-in sense of urgency or necessity. You don't really need them. They would be nice to have, but you don't really need them. And this manifests in longer sales cycles because people don't necessarily need to buy and it's always going to be an uphill

battle. I have a few examples off the top of my head for you that I'll share in a sec. To me, the best hack in the entire world is to sell stuff that people must buy. Whether that's they legally must buy it, you know, functionally must have it, they just can't really do it or some other they must have it. So, I have a few examples here.

I am a partner at a big paper lead agency and two biggest verticals if you say are auto insurance and medical insurance. These are both in the United States if you're not in the United States. In the United States for auto insurance, you are legally mandated to have it if you want to have a car. It's technically illegal to drive if you don't have insurance. That's exactly

what I'm talking about. People, you know, this is a great offer, auto insurance, because people must have it. they're going to buy it from someone no matter what. So, you're basically competing for that business as opposed to I would say that certain consulting services and programs like my own even you don't necessarily need a highle agency or you know funded startup

mastermind. It's probably good to learn and reinvesting in yourself and learning the stuff is probably the best use of time and money you can do but you're not going to die or something if you don't have it. You know, that's why there's so many food places and so many restaurants. People must have food, right? And then I'm also in the medical insurance niche. You don't necessarily

legally have to have it, but if you don't want to face medical bankruptcy and ruin your life, you sort of do, right? Another less dramatic example, I think, would be in e-commerce, right?

Everybody needs Facebook ads. Everybody needs, you know, email marketing. It's not the law, but functionally, if you want to have a successful e-commerce store, you need email marketing to pick up the slack and you need to drive traffic with Facebook ads. So that's why there's so many of those agencies.

So the to-do list here, write down the offers from the previous steps, and then I want you to cross reference them with things people must have. They don't have to buy it. I would try to replace it with a new one. Do some research and find what people like and dislike about other services and other vendors with this new stuff in there. and then finish off with at least 10 offers people must

buy and that they already buy. And those two are basically kind of identical, but I like to separate them into two separate concepts.

So, let's go to the next part. I want to go into the different types of offers that you could have. And a lot of these are for service type businesses. If you are a funded startup like some of my clients or you have a SAS or something like that, you really really do this, right? Like certain businesses, they just have their main offer and that's it. And if you can

tell you have a business like that, you know, you don't really need to keep going in this video. So 97% of leads are never going to be qualified to buy from you. That's the problem here.

It's estimated that only 3% of leads are like referred to as inmarket in a lot of these, you know, sales organizations, a lot of these marketing organizations, that kind of stuff. If you just looking for some Google terminology so that means 3% at any given time in any niche are looking to buy. And basically the other 97% are not. No matter what you really do, what service, what

country, 97% of people in any audience will not be qualified. Whether that's due to price and they can't afford it, whether that's due to fit, they don't like you or you don't like them, or whether it's just due to timing. And when you only have your main highriced, high commitment recurring service, you're effectively DQing all of the target market. So, an example are my

offers. If you want to join them, obviously, I'll accept your money, but I basically do lead genen stuff, right? So, I have a lead genen agency that deals with clients, unless you are, you know, at a 250k per month marketing budget, you know, it's going to be a no on our end, but whatever. But then I also have, if you're doing 500k plus per year, there's a one-on-one mastermind or

one-on-one program. If you're doing between 250K to 500K per year, it's a group mastermind. If you're under 250K a year, there's a course. If you're not ready to buy anything for any reason and you don't trust me or you just can't even afford any of those, then I have a digital product and some affiliate offers for you to run. If you need something different, you thought you

need lead genen, you thought you wanted to join, but you really need operations help first, I can refer you away and collect referral fees. So, no matter who's in my target audience, no matter who, like yourself, are watching my videos, I'll always have something for you. You just got to ask. And the to-do list for this is you want to make sure that you have different levels of offers

for different levels of the market. But the key nuance in my view is they all need to be the same end goal, right? It's not like I have a one-on-one mastermind for lead generation and then a service that only does startups and then a group mastermind for e-commerce and then a course on how to scale a local service business. Every single thing here is the same, the same result.

It's just the way it's delivered and the price are different. So, the high-priced main recurring service is where you make all your money. That's, you know, the cash machine and all of the other tools are kind of ways to get you there. The intro offer, which we're going to go over, is going to be the workhorse in terms of client acquisition. And then you have your courses, your programs,

your referral fees as downells or cross-ells if that's a better fit for them. then digital products and affiliate offers for people who aren't necessarily ready to buy. So if we're talking in our funnel here, so let's just say someone comes in, you know, through paid ads, they, you know, came in. Oh, let's get a different color They came in here, they watched your

VSSL, they booked a call, but they were unqualified. You know, you could send them to the digital products if they're very unqualified, or you could sell them your course. But let's just say they're qualified for sake of argument here in the next example. Uh let's just say they're qualified. Now you're going through they're booked on a call, but now they get on the call and you

determine that they don't really need your service. You know, you could refer them away or you determine that they're just not quite ready. The program is a better fit or you know, maybe they are ready and you sell them your one-time intro offer and then from there when you do a good job, you upsell them. Like that's really how it works. As opposed to, you know, you have all these things.

They're all one congruent thing that are just basically different options for different levels of the target market. It's very, very powerful when you get it all running. I feel like that's the reason that I was able to exit my last agency both quickly and for very good terms in comparison to a lot of people.

It's because I had so many different offers that no matter what someone really had or no matter what their situation, I could help them in some way. That's really what I think a lot of people, especially agency owners should go for. Not really that possible if you like sell insurance or something or you know you have a a SAS and you raise money like you just sell your SAS or you

just you know but the same time if you're an agency owner or any kind of consultant very very strong. We're going to elaborate a little more on why you need these multiple offers.

So you might have guessed based on the last thing, but let's just keep going a little bit more. The reason that I would say is a problem for most is that only having one offer leaves huge margin on the table. A good profit margin for services is, you know, 25 to 40%, though it's often very much less than that when you have a some of these inefficient businesses.

Many of the we're going to call them non-service offers like the course, like the referral fees, like the digital product, that kind of stuff. affiliate, they are close to 100% margin. Maybe just a little software costs, maybe some payment processing costs in certain situations, maybe, you know, some appointment setting or closing fees, but they're very, very close to

100% margin, much closer to 100% margin than, you know, the services are 0% margin, right? And when you have the course, the program, the referral bees, the digital products, affiliate, all that kind of stuff in addition to your service, because remember 97% of the market's not really going to be involved with that. It's very very like possible that your revenue doubles, but your

profit, you know, five times increases. So, let's just say, you know, let's just say you do 1 million from services and 1 million from the rest, right? Let's put a dollar sign here so we know we're talking about that money. So, 1 million at 25% margin is 250K, But then 1 million at let's just say like 90% margin just to make it fair.

That's like 900k for the very few you know agencies and consultancies that take my advice. Like this is a very like common setup. You know you have double the revenues. Like you go from 1 mil to 2 mil but you go from 250k to like 1.1 mil profit instead of the other way around. It's very very possible. It's very common um when you actually do all of this stuff and take my advice as

opposed to just ignoring it. So, you need multiple offers because imagine if you just had an extra 900k, take it out, start balling out, you could reinvest, you could hire better a players, you could do so many different things as opposed to just, you know, for most people like let's just try to delete this, you know, I don't know, this just doesn't exist at all. like it's just not

part of their business, you know? It's not a matter of how much it increases, it just doesn't exist. And that's like one of the reasons why I'm so passionate about like this funnel in the way it is because I just know how powerful it is.

Like I sold my agency at a little bit over 900k per month in the trailing 90 days and much of the profit, let's just say, was from this kind of stuff as opposed to services. And so interesting how it works when you're exiting stuff and like they look at the quality of revenue is what a lot of people will refer to it as. Um just very interesting topic, something for another video.

Now, we're going to go over how to create each offer because the problem and the reason I have this is most people just think this is too much work, you know, like how the do I do any of this stuff and they think everything that needs to be made from scratch and I don't that just could not be further from the truth. Most people don't realize that what I've been saying all

along is most of these offers are just different versions of the same thing. And as such a lot of the assets, a lot of the content, a lot of the processes, a lot of the same employees can be repurposed and do multiple things. An example is you know my mastermind if you want to join my paper lead is agency is probably top 0.1% in the world at both paid ads and outreach. So what we've

done is we've repurposed almost all of our internal processes, AI, IP and all of that kind of stuff into Kajjabi which is a course platform. Then we sell that just as it is as a course and then there's a program that's basically the course with a community and some calls.

The service is the service and then we have referral partners that basically handle any single part of that we don't do. So when you're doing this, the service is done for you. The program is done with you. And in my opinion, I like to price it around 33% of the cost of the service. The courses, of course, do it yourself, and I like to price at about 10% of the service, although I've

seen people do it way higher. In my opinion, your digital product should always be about $97. Anything over 100 psychologically, you know, it seems so expensive and really decreases the conversion rate, but I don't really like the stuff that's the, you know, the $17. I don't think the whole purpose of a digital product if you're going to run ads to it for me

is to break even acquiring the customers and then upselling them later stress free. So I like to do it at 97. And then you want to have a list of referral partners for every other adjacent service that they might need. So you do Facebook ads for e-commerce. You have referral partnerships that are email marketing and SEO and influencer marketing and Google ads and Tik Tok ads

and Tik Tok shop and you get the picture. So now we're going to transition into how we might actually make some of these offers and some of the things that I want you to look out for and keep in mind. So the problem is with most recurring services is they're too low margin and the lifetime value is very very low. If you're in business, you

basically have a recurring service. Like that's the one thing that people always have. But most people like really rely Oops. And I forgot to write this down. Like most people really really rely too much on their main service and do not have enough revenue to reinvest in the business to keep growing and as such they plateau.

to, you know, get a better LTV, you can either lower your, you know, to get better to get a better business, you can either lower your CAC or increase your LTV, which basically means you can drive your cost per call down, your close rate up, or you could basically increase prices and reduce churn, which is way too low margin and lifetime value for most

people. And when you only have the recurring service, you're kind of screwed. So, let's go into an example of an email marketing client. This is also an e-commerce one that worked with me several years ago at this point as well, but I'll always remember them. They were doing about 350K per month when they came to me because and they joined my mastermind, my consulting, because they

were at a point where they plateaued because basically churn equaled acquisition. So, let's just say I don't know how many clients they have. if it doesn't matter, but like let's say they had 100 clients and they lost 10 a month, but they would only get 10 a month. Basically, it canceled out and they're just stuck. And that's really what's happening when you plateau in

your business. Churn equals acquisition. And you can either get more clients or you can decrease the churn rate. Those are the only two real options. There's very little you can do in a service like e-commerce email marketing that makes you that much better than another e-commerce email marketing agency or doing it inhouse. So, we kept it kind of to the basics. We had a clean

onboarding that basically had a bunch of quick wins in it to tide them over between the point where they bought and the point that they got their first value. So, like, okay, do this to your popup, do this to your deliverability, do this, all that kind of stuff. We had daily communication. At the very start, we talked about what they would do for the day. And at the end, we talked about

what they did. We did daily reporting instead of weekly. And we did a three-month plan. We always had all of our emails scheduled 3 months out. And this is very good for the clients. Like their turn rate, I think, cut in a third. It was pretty high before, so it's not that impressive, but I think it went from something like 26% to like 9%.

Something of that nature without just making it up. It was something like that. In addition to that, I recommended that every four clients, they should increase their price by 20%. Until the point where their close rate on cold traffic dropped to 15%. And the reason I like that is because most people never really tested their price. Like a lot of people

could charge way more than they are. It's just a matter of do you have the proof? Do you have the authority? Do you have the capability? Do they believe you? Like if you're a massive e-commerce store, you know, tens or hundreds of millions in revenue, do you really care like if it's 3500 a month versus 7500 a month? No, of course not. But a lot of people have this in their head. So I

like to increase the price by 20% every four clients cuz that's just kind of progressive enough where you're not making huge changes. And I like to keep doing that as long as the close rate on ads and cold email is above 15%. I like to keep doing it until, you know, eventually you're going to hit a point where you've raised it too much and then it's not going to basically go your

close rate's just going to be so bad because it's too expensive. And then that's where you want to settle. 15% on close rate is on cold traffic is where you want to end up because you know you could close 30% instead and half the price but now you that but you're just doing you know twice the work for the same amount of revenue, twice the amount of expenses, same revenue. like that's

where your margins get eaten up. So, we have to get the price. So, to do this, find your price by increasing 20% until your close rate drops too low. And then you want to have an onboarding process where they have like five quick wins to tide them over until they get their first value. So, let's just say in my mastermind, you know, between the time you pay and the time you book your

onboarding call, you're going to get all your metrics set up and you're going to get all your messaging set up. That's an example. So you're not just sit sitting there, holy this is like, did I make a mistake paying Matt all this money, right? Something to tie them over and to reduce buyer remorse. In the morning, tell them what you're going to do for them today. And at night, confirm

what you did. Then you want to have great reporting. That's day over day, week over week, month over month. And my favorite, today's result versus what they were at the starting point. So like a really strong one that I have in some of my pay-per-le clients is like we tell them their revenue from paid ads like when they started versus you know now like a lot of them started at you know

this revenue is a million a month but now it's like 15 million and it's just a constant reminder all in their face over and over and over and it makes them less likely to churn in my opinion. And then you always come up with ideas and have a plan for your clients. So you're viewed as a partner and an asset instead of a leech and a vendor who just is a bill every month. Combination of these five

are going to make your recurring service a lot better without actually really doing anything to your recurring service. Because for most recurring services, there's not really that much you can do that makes you that much better than your competitors.

Everyone's good at the highest levels. Everyone should at the lowest levels. It's just is what it is. So next, let's go into the intro offers. The main problem that I think a lot of people and a lot of businesses have is they don't understand that main recurring services often come with a lot of risk to the client. And I don't think a lot of people really appreciate or

consider this. Recurring services are usually highriced, usually entail a multimonth commitment. There's a lot of different types of risk involved for the client. There's financial risk. they could lose, you know, the money that they paid you. There's other kinds of financial risks like you it all up and just kind of costing them actual money. Good example of this I was

actually explaining today to a serial client of mine and I used to have a CRO agency. He's like kind of, you know, at the risk of insulting him, saying that he just doesn't really get it. He's like talking about, you know, I charge six, he's like, he charges 6K a month for, you know, and if it doesn't work, he's going to give them their money back. So, if you don't know what CRO is, this is a

great example to like drive this point home. It's when you it's called conversion rate optimization. That's what it stands for. So, basically, you take two two versions of the same page, right? So, let's just go page one and page two.

And then you split the traffic to each. You can do, you know, often 50/50, but doesn't have to be. You could do 991 if you wanted. And then what you're trying to do is you're trying to really make a better page on that's better than this page. Because if this page, your new one's better and then you send 100% of the traffic, they're going to get better results and make more money. That's how

it works. But I'm trying to explain to him that like let's say you know your page is 30% worse now not now you've and they're a multi-million dollar store you know $30 million store now like they've lost 10 times more than they actually pay you because you've done a bad job basically like there's a lot of this type of risk especially with

larger companies that most people when they're trying to create offers don't really understand financial risk of that the risk of you screwing it reputation risk on their end. Like marketing manager hires you, you do an absolute horrible job, they're fired, now their wife and kids are homeless.

Like this is very real stuff that you have to think about when you're doing it, especially with larger companies. And most people don't appreciate that at all. They just have a very superficial understanding of all of it. And it's just like, well, I'll give their money back. Like, okay. The reason why you want to have an intro offer to get back to the point is that it's usually

quite difficult to convert the higher level clients from cold email and paid ads to recurring service right away. They don't know you, they don't like you, they don't trust you. It's easy to do from referrals, but it can be difficult from cold traffic and an intro offer. It's very good way to kind of stepping stone or bridge the gap. So, let's get into an example. It's a cold

email agency. I work with a cold email agency that, you know, came or started around the $1 million per year mark and they're doing okay, but their recurring service is just cold email basically and it's just they got to pay 15K up front for 3 months and then there's other stuff, you know, if they want to continue, it's x amount of month after.

It's very high friction. Not only do they have to trust you, they have to pay you, you know, upfront. So, I recommended in their ads that they do a nocost pilot project, which is basically one month free cold email management.

And they had a $500 deposit. I believe it's not just for anyone. And this helped them go from 1 million run rate to three million in five months with basically no other changes to what they're doing. Their cold email response rate increased by 6.2% versus just, hey, let me run your cold email. And their paid ad CTR increased by 400%.

The only difference is that instead of just I run cold email for brands is I'll do your emails for free for a month to prove it. and free work is very very good on the very low end of the bell curve as well as the very high end of the bell curve. It's where you know for absolute beginners and experts who know they're going to get a great result.

Very very good. It's the middle where you aren't exactly beginner but you kind of suck at what you do still is when I probably wouldn't do free work. But for this one it's great. When you're going to do free work, you don't just like randomly do it. Like I said, you have a deposit and then you also only offer it to qualified clients. It's like there's no point in doing it even with a deposit

to someone who doesn't have revenue, right? Doesn't make sense. So, in terms of intro offers, what you need to do, think of some one-time offers that you could use to get your foot in the door. And in my opinion, most intro offers should be as close to $2,500 as possible without going below the $250 per hour mark in terms of effective hourly rate. So, if you have

$250 per hour and or you charge 2500 and it takes you 10 hours, 2500 divided by 10, that's $250 effective hourly rate. You charge 2500 takes you 20 hours, that's 125. It's too low. And this $250 effective hourly rate in my opinion, like by the time you pay your contractors and payment processing fees and employees and your, you know, ad spend and you pay taxes and all that

kind of stuff, there's not really much money left if you go below the $250 per hour mark. You can really add a strong guarantee to inter offers and you really can't do a strong guarantee to your main recurring service. And I think that's something that a lot of people get wrong, too. It just like doesn't even make any sense to have a guarantee on your main service.

Like, we guarantee you're going to get more email revenue. You guarantee your email revenue is going to be over 500% bigger if you work with it. Not believable. Doesn't even make sense. No one in their right mind would believe that. But when you do it like we are going to manage your email for free for 1 month and if we don't do better than with our campaigns for example or our

broadcasts whatever you call them than before we're going to give you this much money as a refund even though you didn't pay anything. Very very strong. So I want you to make a list of 10 potential offers that fit the criteria above. And similar to what I said before, I like to run ads and run cold emails to each offer a lot of the time without even building it out first to see which gets

the most interest. Instead of guessing, you can actually just see what works in terms of real results when you do it like that. The next thing is going to be the course. And most companies, the main problem that they face or one of the many problems they face is they have nothing to offer the lower level leads in their target market. because not

everybody's at $10 million per year company, right? I think it's 0.4% of people ever get to 10 million a year. So, if you're going to cherrypick and you're going to try to, you know, do something like that, you're going to need you're going to have a lot a lot of unqualified people. So, basically, most companies treat everything is buy our service or off. And that's fine if

you want to do that, I guess, but it really leaves a lot of revenue on the table. They don't want to sell a course or something of that nature because they worry about training their potential competitors. And the problem is that in terms of pure numbers, almost everyone who sees your ads, outreach, content, etc., just cannot buy your service, whether that's price, fit, timing, and

the higher and higher up you get in terms of how successful your clients are, the more and more that comes true. If you're only dealing with 10 billion a year businesses, that's one in every 250 businesses. One in every 250 people who sees your ads, maybe that's very optimistic, by the way, might qualify for them. It doesn't even mean they click on them. Doesn't even mean they

watch your VSSL. Doesn't mean they fill out a form. Doesn't mean they book a call. So, if you're going to do it like that, and that's a situation where you find yourself in, you really have to have all of these other offers or you're not going to make very much money.

So let's get into an example here. I had a YouTube editing agency still my client actually. So the YouTube agency is not like a B2B one. It's actually a B TOC entertainment prank, you know, like it doesn't work for Mr. Beast, but it' be like the Mr. Beast style of videos, not like my kind of videos. So, they came to me and they were about 80k a month in revenue and they're frustrated that, you

know, in their words, "Oh my, 100% of the leads I generate are not YouTubers." And that was not necessarily true. They're just YouTubers that, you know, even if they really wanted to, they probably couldn't benefit from his service. So, what I did is I made him package all of his SOPs, all of his assets, all of his internal trainings and sell a $997 course. and he sells so

many of them because he's actually fairly big on YouTube himself. Onethird of all of his revenue last time I checked came from this course which is more than 997 now but it was when for the example. So he uses like another thing before I get started is a lot of people you know view this kind of stuff negatively because they don't understand. They view it like in terms

of pure numbers. One of the best things that this guy has is the community and the audience and the customers in his course. And he uses all of like uses those all the time in the sales process.

You know, basically, you know, all those guys pitching in your DMs, they're in my community. They're learning from me. Might as well just hire the best instead of, you know, just pretending or being shy that you have a course. The course is a huge revenue stream for him. And he actually has a minority partner now. And it's also a huge form of social proof that helps sell their services. So what

you want to do here is make a list of all of your internal assets, tools, workflows, IP, you name it. Set up a platform like Kajjabi or Thinkific and make categories and modules. Repackage all your stuff, make it look nice, make it look readable, and plug it into the platform. And you should build this course with a dual mindset. Number one, like you should be putting so much time

and effort to the same standard as you're training your own employees. Like your own employees or people who want to work for you should be able to go through this course and just learn how to do it. That's how good it should be.

Because if it's that good, it's going to be good for your customers as well. And make this a course a big part of all of your internal processes with your SOPs and your trainings. Constantly update it and announce it in the chat for your community. And you're going to get great results doing so.

The next we're going to talk to is the program. And I think it's a necessary function of everything because there's a big market of those who don't want you to do it for them and they don't want to do it themselves. And I think based on my experience, especially with agencies and consultancies, this is about 15 to 20% of the total market. They don't really want you to do it for them. They

don't want to do it alone. They want you to help them. And when you have a program, it usually entails a group or a community of some aspect. is basically a course with a community and that group kind of like the course but even more so not only has like great revenue potential but they also are a great source of future clients and referrals that simply you don't get if you don't

have this program. So I have a lead generation program. I can't tell you how many times that my clients or my students or whatever you want to call them say, you know, I obviously don't need your services, but I know someone who used to works at, you know, this huge business loan brokerage that could hire you or, you know, I don't need your services, but I can introduce you to my

old boss who buys auto insurance leads. Like, this happens to me all the time. It's kind of very shocking and it happens to everybody including my client's course in the who in the YouTube client. So many of his clients that he gets are referrals from people in his program. So I want to go to a different example. It's a large Facebook ad community and I want to be

transparent. This is not really a client of mine. Oh, not really. It isn't a client of mine and never was. It's someone that I know who's in a group chat that I'm part of of business owners. So, they have a huge Facebook ad agencies and they had a basic course, but they're complaining that a lot of the people in the course were either like kind of too advanced for the

course, but just not hiring them cuz they have a big agency and the big requirements to work with them. It was obvious to me that he and his partner should host a course on a community platform at a couple of weekly calls and just be active in it. And not only now is his program like one of the biggest kind of Facebook ad communities on earth that does huge revenue on its own, but

it's also a huge source of social proof and a huge source of referrals and inbound leads that he just wasn't getting before and it's completely changed. You know, he's actually making huge money now. Say probably 2 million a month in revenue at huge margin, 75%. So he's making a lot of money. So what you want to do is finish our course completely. Create a community on

Telegram, Slack, Discord, WhatsApp, school, whatever you want really. Start asking on the call booking page if they want to prioritize do-it-yourself, done with you, done for you. You can also do that on the type form based on what revenue. Redirect them to what works best. If you have a really really high ticket service, like let's just say your services start at 30K or something,

it actually is usually best to offer the program as your main offer that you promote in your content, your ads, all that kind of stuff, just because very few people are going to even qualify for your main one. and then constantly talk about how big and how great your community is on sales calls and publicly and all that kind of stuff because it again it's a huge form of social proof

that will lead to a better close rate. The second last one we're going to talk about here is the referral fees. And a lot of the time people really do need your service. It's not a matter of if they want a course, a program or service. they really do need a service for whatever reason, but they just genuinely can't afford it or they need something else just as bad. And many

people kind of are unqualified for whatever reason. But there's another kind of group of people who need your service and other services or they might thought you needed your service, but they actually need something else. like they thought they wanted paid ads but they're not far along enough so you refer them to a cold email person or they thought they wanted Google ads but

you said okay your budget's not there for ad spend go to SEO if you don't have a ready-made list of referrals you're missing a lot of out on a lot of potential and this is a a business that I'm a part of but it started as a client of mine it's an addiction treatment lead genen client so client is in the addiction treatment niche but we only work with people who

had a 50k a budget or more. And that is because it's kind of a funny niche. If they don't have a 50k per month budget, it's just like a good proxy for they're not big enough. And the problem with, you know, solo clinics in this niche is they just can't accept enough insuranceances for it to be profitable unless they have multiple centers and a long history. Like that's the background

of it. So what we do is anybody who signifies on the type form from our paid ads or outreach or whatever or content that they're under 50k per month, we refer them to an SEO agency or a Google ads agency instead and both of them pay us 5K per close. So, if you do the math on that, we get calls for maybe $1 or $125.

And, you know, most of them are unqualified, transparently, but let's just say we send them for $150 to our partner here. So, $150 per call and then let's just say our partner generously closes 10%, right? That he closed more than that or he wouldn't be our partner. But that's a $1,500 in CAC, right? And sometimes this goes up,

sometimes it doesn't. But let's just say this for the sake of example. They pay us 5K. And if you don't know, it cost it cost them 1,500 or it cost us 1,500 to basically get them the calls for one client. And we get 5K. So we're getting over a three times return on ad spend just by referring out. So this is like don't discount this. This is one of the most powerful things you could possibly

do in your business. Um, and if you basically refer to other people and like now everyone like you referred all of their service providers to them, you know, you're more ingrained in their life too and you're less likely to turn.

So write a list of every service that is adjacent to yours. So you know this addiction treatment example, Facebook ads, Google ads, SEO, web design, certain billing services, you know, web like whatever. and make a list of at least 10 people you want to reach out to for each service because not everybody's going to partner with you or you're not going to agree with everybody. And then

write a list of cheaper people who sell the same service as you do. So like you do Facebook ads, you know, some people in Eastern Europe, some people in South America, some people, you know, in the Far East, as long as they do a good job.

Create a document outlining the agreement for referrals. I always prioritize collecting large fees up front. You know, like you very well could maybe get $750 per month here in perpetuity, right? But I would just get 5K right now or instead of like waiting 6 months and have my cash flow, perfect. If they stay for 5 years and they have a huge LTV, good for

them. Don't be greedy. And then what you want to do is you want to put all of these referrals in your onboarding process for new clients, like in your onboarding dock, you know, in mind. Do you need cold email infrastructure? Do you need agency ad accounts? Do you need an accountant? Do you need a bookkeeper?

Do you need a lawyer? That's all in my And I like send referrals out left and right and get a lot of referrals back, too. The more referrals you send out, you'll get fees, but you also get referrals back. And it's very, very, very, very powerful.

The final or I was mistaken. We have two more. The next is digital products. And the problem that a lot of people face and why this is necessary is there just tons of people in any given target market who either don't qualify for your service or they just don't trust you enough to even buy your course. So this is a big problem especially when you're in paid ads and outreach. They're

not a good fit for your main service. Think whether they can afford it but they still want to buy something from you or they just don't even trust you at all or enough to even book a call.

digital product is great to monetize more of your audience for both. So, I'm going to use the example of my SER agency that I sold here. There are tons of levels of e-commerce stores in the market, maybe more so in that niche than any other niche. And in my view, a great digital product is interesting to every level of the target market from people even started to beginners to

intermediate to masters to the absolute peak. So what I did is I sold 100 landing page templates for $97 cuz CRO our intro offer was landing pages. That's what they're kind of coming in for. So it was a great fit. And you should have seen it. Like I got basically CEOs doing nine figures using their emails and buying these and probably just sending it to their team.

I got mid-level beginners. It was a grand slam as far as a digital product goes cuz it's just interesting to everyone. And that's what I think you need to do because if your digital product kind of appeal is too narrow, you're just not going to have a high enough conversion rate to really make it work.

So when you're doing a digital product, templates usually work the best. See what you can do in there. And like I said, make sure the templates are valuable to every level of the target market. You don't really or you can't really do that much or get a great result just selling info as your digital product. That's just if you're going to sell info, sell way more info and

package it to the course. Don't try to do it as a digital product anymore. It's just markets are too sophisticated. Something that you need to keep in mind is your digital product cannot have any fulfillment. It is a product, not a service. So, I'll make you five ad creatives for $99. You know, it might sound like a digital product, but that is a service. It's not the same thing.

And when you find something that works, do more and then better and then new. Just like our friend Alex from Mosie says. So more you know increase the ad spend, increase the volume. Once that stops working, work on your ad creatives and landing page. That stops working, try something absolutely new, usually a new product. And I like to price my digital products at 97 always to give

myself enough margin to break even. The play here is you sell something for 97, maybe you get 92 or 93 after payment processing fees and software. As long as your customer acquisition cost is 92 or less, you're basically getting customers for free and hoping they upsell. That's really what you're trying to do here.

The last and final thing we'll talk about is affiliate. And there are many people that just buy softwares or there's many softwares that people will just buy anyway. And the lack of high margin MR in most companies and there are m like the amount of missed opportunities are there is truly stunning. And this is one of them. In every guide, in every digital product,

in every blog on your website, you should be including the appropriate affiliate links that have to do with your service. Because when you do this at a large scale, you could build huge and huge amounts of MR. Good example is like I think he's a drop shipping guru type guy named Adrien Morrison. Just Google him maybe. His front-end ad offer is that he's going to use AI to build

you a drop shipping store for free. But if you actually want that, you don't have a Shopify store and you need to sign up for Shopify, right? And if you do that, I'm sure he gets a really, really nice special Shopify commission, then if you actually succeed in drop shipping, he upsells you to his other stuff. And however that works is however that works. I have no idea. But it's a

very, very good use of affiliate links in an actual funnel. So in your digital products, your course, your platform, your onboarding, all that kind of stuff, include affiliate links. And for all of your stuff, like if you if you can find a justifiable way to include affiliate links in your ad offers, just like Adrien Morrison, you can grow huge MR.

And if you refer to a lot of the right softwares, you can usually get some referrals or special deals back. And if you do manage to hit it big and you're just basically become people's top affiliate, you can always negotiate for more stuff. So that is basically it for this offer master class. It's everything that I think everybody should be doing.

I hope it was valuable.