Hey there, it's Matt and this is a training for my team where I'm going to be setting up a real estate funnel from scratch. And what I mean by that is I'm going to be setting up a funnel, the landing page, the calendar, the application form, the thank you page, and all that kind of stuff for an ad campaign that targets realtor.

So, I have a lead source that I want to sell realtors and I need to attract them now. So, this is a training that I'm going to do for my team because I need my team to be as smart and capable as possible and I'm recording it here and I'm going to be posting it. So, it's essentially going to be how to design the landing page, then how to do the ads and all that kind

of stuff. So, I'm going to share my screen and I'll get started. I already have a domain set up in web flow for this. It's called speedyhomesell.com.

Sometimes I run ad campaigns if I have the buyers to basically get people who want to sell their home fast and then I sell that lead to investors or wholesalers type thing. So this is basically the exact opposite of what I'm doing here. This would be to getting the leads. But now I need to make one to basically get to the buyers. So it looks

like I need to do a couple of things here. So let's delete the terms and conditions pages just for cuz it looks like I don't have enough pages on my web flow until I put the domain in and we don't want to ruin the entire flow of video.

Oh my god, I'm cooked. So, let's go because I seems like I have to ruin the entire flow of the video. This is real live action right here. So, let's wait until we get it live and we'll just fix this one here.

So what we want to do here, we can keep speedy home sale, but we need to basically we want to look at this on mobile first obviously, but in previous ad campaigns, it's kind of split between Facebook and Instagram, but 93% are going on mobile with the most of those being on iPhone actually in this case.

And the most common iPhone size in America, which is where these ad campaigns are, or the iPhone 13, which is 390. Most common Android phone is 360. But I always like to design it on 390, just because what looks good on 390 is going to look good on 360, but it's not necessarily true the other way around.

You see when I put 393 here, it's on this is on five lines. But if I put it on 360, it just keeps going like that. Um, it's just one of those things. It's minor, but all the minor things make a big difference. So, what I want to do here is I want to publish it.

And we want to get an app called Mobile Simulator. Sure, there's other ones, but that's the one I use at least. So, we can see it basically on mobile without having to go and around on our phone. So, there's a few things. There's a lot of things wrong with this right away. Um, and it's funny because I'm the one who made this template, but we'll just

ignore that for now. So, first off, like I'm going to really decrease the size of that. And I'm going to decrease the size of that. Oops. There we go. Then we are targeting realtors. So, serving realtors You could even put residential realtors here. That would be even more accurate.

I always like to start with my logo and then a social proof thing. I'll change this so it's actually accurate. I only have 15 customers, but um and then we have the call out. Then we have our headline, our sub headline, an image, a VSSL or a DSL, whatever. Then we want to have an apply now button. And then we want to have this underline. Usually I'll take this underline as

addressing a certain objection or something like that. So basically how I think of it is your headline should be the value proposition, the target results, the desired result, what you're promising, you know, all things to, you know, basically describe the exact same thing.

And then your sub headline should elaborate on how you achieve that result. You know, you can't just say without, you know, ex without any explanation.

So, basically, I'm going to put this $45 real estate leads delivered to your CRM. It's what we're going to kind of make the initial version of our headline. And again, this is a live video. So, you know, when I launch this for real later today, I'm probably going to go,

you know, put some more care into it. But in my view, you really want to have your headline three lines here or less at the appropriate size. one, just for a lot of space above the fold, and two, like you really need to learn how to make a promise that's concise and not dragging on for literally 15 lines. $45 real estates leads delivered to your CRM.

Like, that is exactly what they're here for. That's what the ads will say eventually. That's what I'm selling. I really like this quote from David Oggov in one of his books about copywriting and advertising and it was sometimes the best copy to sell a horse is horses for sale and I really think that a lot of people upwards of 95% who don't have the you know most impressive copywriting

skills and I think I would be in that category I wouldn't say I'm anything special as a copywriter like would literally get a better result by just plainly saying what it is in three lines or less.

The next thing is we generate over 30,000 residential real estate leads per month through our call center.

I can get you as many as you need. Well, I don't know if I like that a lot. So, what would I like better? I made another one the other day. Yeah, something like this.

Yep. Even though they're in this case, they're not exclusive. So I would have put that qualified qualified motivated and generated in real time.

So that's what I would say. You only pay per lead. Then I would also cuz you know this is my business quite frankly. So a lot of my landing pages look the same and I just know it works because I've been doing it for 12 years. But in this underline, and I usually call it an underline here, you can call it whatever you want, but for my video and my

training, we're going to call it an underline. I usually do the like what is a great objection to this. So, in something like uh you know, business lending, like applying to this doesn't affect your credit score. Like that would be a good one. That's an objection. I'm not sure quite frankly what I would say here.

residential real estate like our clients get an average of 73% connect rate. That's not a real stat yet. I'm going to have to pull the data on that one, but it could be something of that nature.

What I'm also going to do is I'm going to have a VSSL for this. So, I'm going to hit the code embed. Oh my god, I need I'm pouring. Don't have a plan for this, but you'd have a VSSL right here.

So, let's publish it and let's see what's going on. And then I'm also going to go into my Facebook business manager. It's actually my events manager.

I'm just going to get my pixel on there. So, let's just see. I am super maxed out on the old pixels here. I believe I can only create 100 data sets.

Terrible. So, we're going to basically take this one here and we're going to pretend it's mine or we're going to just use it cuz it's not used. And I just have we're going to go with an excessive amount of pixels.

Oh my god. Where do they put these stuff these days? So, what I'm doing here is just putting my pixel on cuz it's just part of the setup. Normally what I would do is put it into site settings. Oh my god, I'm really poor. Can't afford uh cannot afford to set up my pixel properly. But you would just do that. Let's just say you would do that.

So let's refresh here. So it looks good pretty much, but we can't see that underline without scrolling down. And remember like this stuff really does matter when you stack up 5 10% improvements and you just do like 20 of them. You can really double your landing page. So in terms of pure design, like we have room at the top there,

we have room at the bottom. If I really needed something, I could change this to like 325 pixels. Let's change this to zero. No, don't change that to zero.

I change it to maybe like five. Um, probably change this to like three. Change that to 0.25. And let's actually change this to 0.25 rim instead.

Now, let's throw it back up. We could also make this logo smaller. Like it's an option as well. Seems like I'm cooked as hell on that one. At least in the context of doing this live.

There we go. So, I feel like those changes there because I I can't on second thought, I wouldn't really want to take down much of this image or VSSL eventually just because then it's going to be short. But there we go. So, just pretend this made web flow is not there.

We have everything we need above the fold. our logo, we have our customer rating, we have our call out, our headline on three lines, our sub headline on three lines, space for our VSSL, our apply now button, and our um everything else. So, this is going to be my calendar link here. So, I'm going to put this to book a call. Normally I

would want to have a application form in here for one to make sure unqualified leads don't know how to like can't reach me as well as making sure my pixel data is all like clean and only qualified people get to it because if you don't have that and you know you're doing Facebook ads or whatever platform you're doing and it's targeting unqualified people or

unqualified people are getting through and counting as conversions that's going to really mess up your data. Like it's going your algorithm is going to start looking for more unqualified people. But in this case, it's a brand new pixel and I have literally no conversions on it.

So even if they are the worst, dumbest real estate agent in the world who can only afford $1 per month in marketing budget, in this case, at least they're a realtor. That's better. So, I'm going to make it as easy as possible to book a call and start to get data until, you know, 10 conversions come through, then 25, then 50, however many it takes.

Whereas, like those initial conversions, at least Facebook is going to know we're targeting realtors, if that makes sense. Like, that's really a very important part. I feel like a lot of people in any industry should do that at the start, you know, like they're making it so hard for themselves before they even get one call booked in e-commerce or SAS or whatever where like

I'd say most people never even get their full or their first conversion or their first call booked. So, even if you're in, let's say, e-commerce, it might be the worst e-commerce store in the world booking a call with you, but at least Facebook knows you're targeting e-commerce stores now. And that's a start in my opinion.

So, now we're having here uh we have our first page desktop. I'll fix it up off the call, but in many ways, it is quite irrelevant here just cuz almost no one is going to even see it. We have our questions and answers. So, that's good.

Only thing I might do is change the sizing of everything. In general, you never want to have anything less than 1.15mm. That translates to 16 pixels in 99% of the cases. The reason for that is you can see if you have a CRO background or you just do it yourself that the conversion rate just falls off a cliff when you start going under 16. Just like

people's eyes can't see it as well. It doesn't pop out. Just all of the above. So I always make sure stuff like this underline stuff like this is different. But especially when you have anything that you actually want someone to read has to be 16 pixels or more which also translates to 1 15mm.

You don't know the difference between and pixels. RM is I don't I don't even know what it stands for but it is kind of like scaling to the actual view. So it would actually like change if you go here. Versus if I had this at 16 pixels, it would be 16 pixels on literally any view. So that's just like one way to think about it. Probably not the best explanation, but it's as much

time as I'm going to spend on that. So when I look at this page, it's missing a lot still. So like some stuff that it's missing. Number one, it's missing some like logos, like client logos. So, um, let's see.

I have so much crap in this thing here that like shouldn't be in here. Oops. Oops. Questions. So, let's change up this code because it quite possibly be the worst code someone's ever made.

Let's just get rid of some of that. So, let's see. I'm going to, for the sake of time, start copying and pasting something in from a different project just cuz like we don't need to watch me do that and waste time. So, let's see.

Let's go to a different project. So, I want to have a logo section for sure. Something like this where I take the probably different brokerages like you know there's Remax, there's Keller Williams, there's all of that kind of stuff. I will get those logos after the call. I've basically worked with all of those people and that I

think that is the best way to show social proof. You know, wow, they see all these basically brokerages and that works cuz almost all these people are going to be in a brokerage.

The next one I want to do really badly here is I'm going to do a kind of an how it works type section like this. Then I want to do a comparison section.

And that's so important here because when you're in like this is contextual in my opinion to like your business, but in the leadelling business for example, there's like almost infinite ways to generate leads, right? So like you want you really need to try to convey why your way is the best in comparison to all of the other stuff. So I think that's a necessary section here. That is

me using my brain. I know. But everyone's, you know, you have some good IQ's on you, I'm sure. So you need to be using your brain as well.

I'd also want to have a trust pilot section and a testimonial section because that's where I get my reviews. So, any form of proof like that. So, like I've cheated a little bit here for the sake of time, but this is really how I would lay out a page that has the purpose of getting clients for myself.

So, let's keep going. Just going to change it to book a call instead of apply now. So let's publish it and let's take a look step by step how it might seem on mobile. Again, whenever you're making a page, probably going to be doing this mobile check 100 times at least. Let's just say so let's see so our clients how it works

how we compare all of our customers thousands of reviews literally change that to 15 reviews if I'm doing it for mine hilarious Q&amp;A looks that Q&amp;A section needs to be fixed because it's for something different but this the bones of what I would be doing here.

This is really like So what I would do is schedule initial phone call. How we can serve you? how this would work for your particular business. Probably put like brokerage or something else instead of business.

The third one here would be schedule test order. And I actually have a different one that's complete. So, we might as well just use that one for the sake of time.

So like the five steps, you know, book an initial consultation call with us. Head of sales is me. I'll just say that I'm the head of sales here. Purchase your first test order. You can purchase your first test order of 50. That's our minimum. I'm not going to waste my time with people who want 10 leads, for example. You know, I don't do any $450 orders. Like that's just stupid.

And you know, it's kind of like the old thing when you have a a lowpaying client, they're so demanding and that kind of stuff. It's going to be the same here. Not going to be dealing with any peasants. So, book an initial consultation, get your first test order of leads, review the ROI, choose how many leads you want per week, and then scale it up.

As you scale up and expand your team, so that's what I would do there. I think just literally having a five-step how it works section is undeniably like this scene is pro like it there's no design at all and like all that kind of stuff but it's so valuable and again where most people would do a lot better in life if they would just

tell the client what it is instead of having all of these designs and all of this fancy copywriting. literally just tell them what it is and like they can decide for themselves.

It's just uh you know really really important. So in this case, see how we compare to other lead sources is the big one because I know like platforms like Zillow, like that's what I'm going to compare it to cuz most realtors and this goes back to knowing your market just buy leads off Zillow for example and that's it.

So there are many different sources of real estate leads. Most agents and brokerages get 90% plus of their lead flow from platforms like Zillow and Realtor.com. Here is how we compare.

do these. So the first one is, you know, faster scalable lead flow. The next one is tailored to your specific business.

Uh like what I would do here if you don't know, and I'm just going to show you this even though I know. I'm trying to compare my lead generation company or realtors to a platform like Zillow, which is commonly used. I want to make my leads company look good and Zillow look bad. Give me a comparison chart.

Like this is a very good way to do that if you don't know. My leads are not exclusive though. Also need these to be shorter. We need to copy and paste it.

So, and you can I'm just going to put this on my other screen just so I can copy and paste it easier, but that's kind of what you would that's kind of what you would do.

So verified. Good. You can do as many or as little as you want. Some of these I would say that I've included are a little repetitive, but I'm just going to do it here uh for the sake of it. I'm not going to tailor any of the reviews here just cuz I have to go find the reviews and I don't think it's valuable to watch me dig through my reviews. But I would put

something like my Trust Pilot here as well where it's going to say like 4.6 stars, 15 reviews. It's not going to look very sick, but like that is what I would be doing here. So, this is essentially a completed front-end landing page.

Well, minus tons of information that you don't need to watch me put in. I'll do that later. And the VSSL. But other than that, like look, look at how nice that looks compared to let's just go buy real estate leads. Let's just see some Hopefully this looks like like like horrible like two popups cookies.

I don't even know how to do this. VSSL doesn't even autoplay menu. No customer proof, no call out, even though it's kind of obvious, you know, all that kind of stuff. And that's just the first one, but whatever.

We'll just pretend mine is the best because mine is the best. So, the next thing here, because we're not really done, we're not going to have a form page on this one. I'll just going to delete that for now. Um, we're not going to have a DQ page for now either. So, I'll just delete it.

But, we're going to have a thank you page here. So like the thank you page is a a very big good opportunity to like preframe them and give them more information before the call. And in my view, we want to have quite a few things on this.

So I actually did this on something else. But on our thank you page, we want to have a few things. You want to have a VSSL that's different than the main one. Um, and essentially what that means in this context is like here's a good example of it actually where it's just literally a one pager of you just telling them what's going to happen like an information that you

would be telling them on the call. Anyway, the reason why people don't show up to calls is primarily due to they don't even have enough information to even give a to show up to the call.

Uh, so like that's what this page should be about. So really, let's see if I can play this video, but it's just like a six-minute video like showing literally in plain English what is going to happen and what they're buying. Very, very important. it'll help them show up to the call or, you know, make them more likely to show up to the call. And if they do, it's going to make them more

likely to even know what they're talking about or what you're selling and all that kind of stuff. So, it kind of increases two of the main four places that it could go wrong. Like this these ad funnels could go wrong in the ad itself. Usually means the traffic cost per click is just too much for it to make sense. Could go wrong at the number of calls booked. That's usually your

landing page and funnel. This is terrible. Next one is the show rate like and then the next one is a close rate. So this is going to improve the close or show rate by sometimes double in combination with some other things like your pre-all flow, your pre-all SMS, like manually following up. So it's going to increase that and it's probably it's going to increase your close rate

because they're going to be more sold and educated before the call. So, this one is something that can like really cut your total customer acquisition cost in half if you did a horrible job and didn't do any of this before. Like the difference between not having these things and having these things is usually like a double in terms of actual conversion rate when you increase the or

when you take into account the increase in show rate and increase in close rate. And then you throw in follow-ups here and it's going to be for sure a double let's just say. So something like this is important too in some degrees just because if they're have a Google calendar like this is what's going to show up. So, let's keep going here.

Let's let's go into a different project here and let's show what it might look like. And again, like I could take 5 hours and design it from scratch or I could just show you what it should look like in 5 seconds.

So, this is kind of what it should look like. This is going to be a little bit different. And I'm going to open up a couple of different projects and combine them. So, this one looks like this. for example, let's let's get it live because in this situation and this is not the situation we're dealing with in real estate leads because in this situation for business lending leads for

my client who's doing business lending and I helped with this page like you are selling the leads to someone else. So who's on this call? Aran, Joe Parker, JP, Myro, some others, like let's say I'm selling leads and Joe Parker is my client.

So although I'm the front-facing business here, like I'm not going to be ever calling or dealing with these leads. They're passed off to Joe Parker. So I need to basically the where I where this is like they haven't scheduled a call.

They're just synced to Joe Parker's CRM. So, I need to like hype him up a bit. So, you might, you know, talk about them. You might put his face here. You might put his Trust Pilot here. You might put any awards here. And like that's why this page looks like that versus in this situation that we're dealing with here. And what I showed you with my agency one or my mastermind one

is in this case, the call is going to be booked. So hopefully that's not confusing as but like we're going to do it like that in this situation. So we have two different things here. Let's put this on the mobile and let's go back to the one we're actually doing.

So let's go here. And it might not be good because okay, I can copy and paste the code here, but let's just do it like this for now. because we are scheduling a meeting.

Oops. So, congrats. Your meeting has been scheduled. Usually, I'm going to say something like this. And I always want to make clear steps here. So, step one, please watch this 7-inute video. The video would be here.

It's not here in this situation because there is no video. I will do that after. But here we have to go serving residential realtors. And let's go back to this stuff right here because remember we need to have a good above the fold because that is essentially make sure you accept because essentially the above the fold is our first

impression as a you know from our thing and our first impression is very important. just like it is in real life, right? You shake someone's hand, you look in their eyes, like all that kind of stuff.

So, let's go. Step two. Let's change this to step sub headline just because web flow has really annoying code.

And now like this is essentially that is essentially the what it's going to look like there in Google. And then step three, normally what I'm going to do for these steps is going to be, step three, step four, step five. So, what you want to do here in many ways

is you want to think of the top FAQs or objections or things that come up the most and you want to make short videos about them. I actually got this from someone named Jeremy Haynes. I never used to do this, but it really helps.

You should check out his channel if you want. So step three, like how like how does how does the math work out to give me a positive ROI?

How does how do the leads get sent to me? How does the math compare to something like Zillow? Whatever you think the main FAQs are going to be is what you should put here. And these can be, you know, one to 7 minute videos. Like kind of be however long or not long it takes is how long it

should be. But like just do, you know, don't just make them unnecessarily long is what I'm trying to say. if they don't need to be. So there we go.

Step five. Then you have the questions and answers. Usually I'll put more questions and answers like that. This needs to be just bigger to be honest.

And this is just a design issue on my end. We don't need to be double padding like that. Just don't literally no reason to do that. So let's take a look at what this looks like now.

So, the videos aren't going to be correct. And this looks Wow, that looks horrible on mobile. But let's um we could get away with more spacing there.

So, what did I have here? twoms. Let's just fix this up a bit on mobile cuz it looks brutal or on desktop on the off chance that someone might actually view it and we'll go back.

So, let's see here. There we go. Looking decent. So, you'd have your video here. You'd have your video here. You'd have your video here. More questions and answers.

And I definitely I'm just going to copy and paste this section as well as the other one from the thank you page.

just because we don't need to do that twice on the call. Web flow is ruining my life by taking forever to load when I'm doing a demo, but we'll just go with that for now.

just pretend it's okay and that Web Flow is a serious product. So, there we have it. Of course, these reviews aren't changed. And sometimes like a lot of the time what I like to do and I don't have it on here but what I like to do is something like if you have a different way here for to let's just say encourage them to consume content before whether that's a community

whether that's a YouTube channel or watch. I made over 250 hours of training on how to scale a real estate brokerage or something like obviously I don't have that and I would not include this in the end result here.

But if you had something, no matter what it is, like it would be very good to include it. 250 plus hours of real estate training.

I have made over a dozen master classes on my YouTube channel of how to get more clients as a realtor. Check out one or two videos. Call some like that. Doesn't really matter that much.

It's like this is kind of a thank you page in my opinion that is going to do a lot better. So, ways to consume more product. Any other social proof? Drop down. confirm. In this case, we're not going to hype it up cuz it's ourselves, but that's here. Then you'd have all of this other stuff. Doesn't really are not really going to be covered in that this video at all. But like that is really a

two-step thing. So maybe in the next one, I'll get all these videos finished up, get these logos, I'll get it tailored, and then I'm going to make some ads for this in the next training.

But that's going to be it for today for the team. I'm going to be posting this recording on YouTube and I hope you learned something and I'll see you next time.