In this video, I'm going to be doing a review audit of an agency called Cold IQ. So, this is going to be a video where we're basically going to go over and look at everything Cold IQ is doing publicly. We are not going to reveal or see any behind the scenes or internal details, but I'm going to go over what I think they're doing well, what they're not doing well, if we see something like

that, what they're not doing at all, and any areas of opportunity or suggestions I have. This will give us a good perspective as well because we're going to be essentially looking at it from a potential customer or prospect's point of view. In this video, we're going to talk about search results. We're going to talk about offers. We're going to talk about positioning, websites, their

funnel, their LinkedIn, Tik Tok, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, their ad library, and then perhaps the first email in their flow if there's anywhere for us to sign up. So, we're going to look through all of that. If you never watched one of my videos before, my name is Matthew Larson. I'm originally from Calgary, Canada. And at the time of recording this, I am 19 or

29 years old. So over the past 12 years, I've been a part of three agency exits with two of them being multi-7 figures in cash and the other one being over $10 million in cash. The first two I was the minority apprentice junior partner and the last one I actually owned 100% of and that was in exited in July 2023.

I've learned a lot in these 12 years. So, all I really do is make an agency, build it up, sell it, wait for the non-compete to expire, and do it all over again. While I'm doing this video, I'm currently waiting for my non-compete to expire in July 2026. And I'm very confident that based on what you're going to see, you could make any agency work based on what I'm going to reveal

in these videos. So, about this video video and about this business, it's called coldq.com. We're going to open up their website in a bit, but they solve lead generation problems for B2B companies doing 100K or above, mainly through outbound systems. They branded it as their kind of goto market, like everything you can think of, not just cold email, not just content, not just

ads. They just do lead generation for more highle companies. So during this video, I'm going to look at every part of their funnel and I'm going to go over what we should see and what should be happening.

I'm going to go through a checklist of basically what they're doing and then a summary of what I think they could be doing different, better, you name it. So, this is the funnel that we're going to be going through. We're going to go through everything here that's public facing in this video. We're not going to have access or reveal anything to do with their paid ads internal metrics or

outreach internal metrics or partnerships. You can't really see that publicly, so to speak. But, we're going to go over their content. We're going to go over their lead magnets, some of their conversion mechanisms, their site.

We're going to see how obvious their offer is from someone's point of view that, you know, they're just looking at their business and so on. So, I've opened up some various links to that I found. I have them in kind of reverse order here at the top. So, we're going to go through these things basically one at a time. So, the first thing we're going to do is the search results. And

the main thing we're looking to do here is we're going to see what happens when we Google this client. So many people who receive our outreach or see our ads, we're not going to respond or click or do whatever we want them to do. They're going to go to our website or they're going to Google us and see what we can find. The most important thing in our search results is we don't want nothing

to come up. That is absolutely the worst thing possible. It's arguably worse for nothing to come up than something negative to come up. We don't want to look like an anonymous scammer and we want stuff to basically show up on their thing. So, when we see the search results, we're kind of wanting to see some of the following things. We're going to obviously want to see their

website, their YouTube, their LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Google Business, Trustpilot, Clutch.co, Up City, some kind of free community, and we're going to go look and see what we actually see here. And then I'm going to essentially put some suggestions in here if we don't see the right thing. So, if we Google Cold IQ, I am in the United Arab Emirates right now. I'm in Dubai.

So keep in mind for the search results there. So we see their website here. Very very beautiful. So scale your sales prospecting with AI software. I would not say that's the number one title that I think they could use for that.

Personally I would say something more direct to you know service related but that's just my opinion. We're going to see cold tool cold IQ here. Tools sales tools coaching business. I think they could probably optimize these a bit better like free training, uh, coaching services, about us, contact us if I had to, you know, give some feedback there.

So, maybe we'll put that in the actual document. I think we could optimize our I can't remember what those things our website. I don't know what they're called off the top of my head, you know, subcategories to tools or not tools, services, coaching, about us, free training, contact.

I think the how would you say overall page title is not the best and should be more directed to the services as opposed to in my view this kind of looks like we're selling a SAS here or something like that. We go down we see the LinkedIn page. It looks good that they have 11.7K followers. Crunch base is great. Cold or Clay as an expert that's outstanding.

Not sure what AskPot is. Smart lead. That's a good case study there. Telescope. They have some more stuff. What I'd like to see because I know that the founders over here, they make some um basically YouTube videos and that kind of stuff. I would like to see something kind of like where they have a dash here and put cold IQ in their thing here. You could do that

there. You could do that in the Twitter name. You could do that maybe not in LinkedIn, but for example, if we go to my profile here and we go to Matthew Larson Scale Your Agency because that's the name of my program. Something like put their cold IQ there as well as their YouTube name. I think that is an area of opportunity. So maybe let's write that

there because in your YouTube plus Twitter name, make it Alex Vodaka Cold IQ because that way whether someone searches Alex Vaka or they search Cold IQ or the other founder Michelle, uh their stuff is going to come up and I think that's a not underrated thing. So I do that with YouTube. I do that with

Twitter. Some other things that we probably want to get here are some Trustpilot reviews uh or Google business reviews. So, get Trust Pilot reviews, get Upcity reviews, get clutch.co reviews, get um Google Business Reviews. And this could be because I'm in the United Arab Emirates, I don't have the optimized or optimal IP address to search this. It's just a

suggestion. Let's just So, that's something that I would highly recommend. Some of the other stuff that I might recommend, I just personally don't really care for this headline. I don't think it's immediately obvious when you see it. I would say like this is more of a software or an AI tool as opposed to an agency just by looking at it. And I don't think that's a positive

development. So, that's what I would say for the search results. They could also get a school. get school or other free community, get gumroad with lead magnets, anything that we can kind of do to clog up our search results that if we just basically we don't we're going to be competing against like other agencies. We're going to be competing against tools. We just want every page

they go to to be there because you can see it kind of you know his YouTube videos are ranking like that's very very important but we just want that to happen on the front page because people Google us. We want to see most powerful thing that they can do is see our YouTube videos. If you search you know Matt Larson for example you're going to see my YouTube here. There's a lot of

Matt Larson's and apparently the father of modern combat named Matt Larson. Lucky me. But um if you search Matt Lararsson marketing for example, you're going to see me. There's scale your agency. You're going to see that in my name. You're going to see it in YouTube.

You're going to see my videos ranking here. And that's because I have that in my name. So if someone searches cold IQ, we would want that to happen. There's school. Um what's some other stuff like that's just basically what we'd be going for here. So for their offers, we're going to do a few things. We are going to the main thing we want to review is whether or not we instantly understand

what they do and what they offer just by looking at it subconscious level basically smacking into our brain and instantly. The problem with many agencies and websites is you go to their site and you really have no idea what they do. And that's obviously a bad thing because most people especially if they're cold traffic they will not take the time and they're not going to care

enough to learn. They're just going to bounce. So basically what we want to think about here are do we know what their offer is based on their above the fold? Do we know like who their service is for based on their above the fold? Do we know the deliverables based on their website? Do we know the road map and timeline? And do we know how to get started? So I have cold IQ here. We're

going to look at the above the fold and that refers to the section basically above the fold on mobile and above the fold on desktop without you just click on the page without having to scroll.

That's basically the thing. So, we build outbound systems that sell for you. Like, that would be a much better headline. And I like that headline, you know, pretty good compared to the headline they have here. So, I think they really got to make those line up.

It's not an insignificant thing in my opinion to make sure that those line up. So, if we go back to their website, I think this is great. So, tools here, we could put our lead magnets here, products. Here we have your coaching and stuff. We have a popup. We get in touch.

So instantly for B2B companies above 100K per month in revenue. We don't need above and this but I know what they mean. So that's great. I would say that we instantly know who that it is based on their above the fold. So let's put that there. We instantly know who it is for due to the 100K per month plus B2B callout.

So, let's go back. We build outbound systems that sell for you. I like that a lot as a headline. So, we instantly know what they do from the headline. I don't think the sub headline is very good. I think that's just kind of a continuation or just kind of a nonsense like doesn't really impact. Most people are going to read the headline for the desired result and then the sub headline should be how

you get that result. like you're making a big claim in the headline. Now, we have to do how we could get the, you know, backing that that claim. I think we could also, but I know this is the homepage, not a funnel. We could probably put a result in there and make it even better, a tangible, you know, we get you this many leads. We build outbound systems that get x amount of

leads per month, but I know it's I wouldn't say that's a a high priority for me. fixing the sub headline to basically build upon justify how you get the result promised in the headline.

I don't think the current one does that very well or really at all. So, we have a VSSL. Very lovely. Um I'm sure it's great. We could put a thumbnail there as a you know, we could put a button that says watch this or something.

I like that they request their free strategy call here. I would either put this as a button or I put it as a a lead magnet optin. Either change the opt into a lead magnet free training or just go direct to the book a call. A lot of people in my opinion like the benefit of doing this here is not going to justify the amount of people who don't even click on request your free strategy call

because they're not doing it. So let's see what happens here. Like there's no reason that like we I don't think we should have this optin here as a a requirement for getting there just in the sense that you have to fill it out again here. It's all this information. Um it's just like redundant and gets in the way in my opinion. So let's go. I love this here. I would say

probably just the two lines is a bit overwhelming and redundant. It's also going to look cooler if you have a non-stop scrolling on this line. I think that's good enough to just have it on one. It would also save a little bit of space. Uh we could probably reduce the padding here and up here so we can see the button above the fold too. I don't know how this looks on mobile. I'm just

inspecting here. But I don't really like how this design goes with the makes it a little hard to read. I'm not going to test that on my phone for this video, but we're just going to assume that's the case.

sales prospecting service. I love this graphic when you've studied it for a while because this is a client of mine cold IQ. I know what this is, but I think this definitely needs a explainer, even a headline, a bigger headline here and a and a like before versus after comparison, like explaining it a bit.

It's a perfect thing where cold IQ just says that we have all of this stuff taken care of here. It's a perfect comparison. I think we could just use a little bit more explanation for the absolute coldest person or coldest group in their uh funnel. Looks good to me. It also in general make sure everything's 16 pixels or higher just for conversion rate. Their story is a

success. I put a result either on the top or in the thumbnail. I'd also put the founder name and the stuff here. I'm going to write this down for the results case studies. Put the result in the thumbnail plus the brand plus founder. Cuz right now you're kind of relying on someone just to click like this. It should be the thumbnail in my

opinion, but it looks good. They have a lot of great case studies. I love the timeline. How to get started. I would consider that there what people say. I would say the same thing here with it's just overwhelming a little bit. It looks cool, but I would have all of these online scrolling through looks good. I would just Yeah, I love this one here. Calendarly. That's

That actually looks perfect. I would love that. Get your training here. Frequent questions. I think you could probably have more of these. I like to aim for 10 to 20 questions. Let's get started. So to answer the questions, I think we absolutely know what their offer is based on the above the fold. We absolutely know who it's for. We know

the deliverables because basically to start to finish like basically they're going to do all of this. We might be able to explain it a little better, but they're going to do all of that and we know what's going on. We know the timeline. They have a section here. And then we know how to get started. They're very clear about that. I still don't really like this

where you have to opt in because you're going to have to put it in the next page anyways. But still, I'd really also recommend putting this 16 or 18 pixel font. I also like this here, but I probably put everybody's links here cuz they have more than one person. Agency, coaching, miniourse, inboxes, sales tech, all that kind of stuff. Looks good. You possibly

put links to the Trust Pilot, the Google business reviews, that kind of stuff here if and when they decide to do that. That'd be up to them. So, I really like the website. I think there's a lot of stuff in it that's good. I'm just going to leave it at this for summary and suggestions now. And it's very important. So, the next thing we'll do is the positioning. This is probably for

brands who are trying to go up market. I think this is what kills them when they don't do it properly. So, the main thing we're going to review here is if their brand, their assets, their content, their ads actually speak to the type of client that they're trying to attract. A lot of people mess this up usually in the sense that the language they use, the offers they have,

the proof they have, that kind of stuff is only appealing to a low lower level of client than the client that they're after. So, basically, we're going to look at do they instantly know what problem they solve and what they do by looking at their profiles, their ads, that kind of stuff. Does their website and content resonate with their target market in terms of language? And are

they using the proper type of funnel for this? So, that's like three very important suggestions here. So, we're going to go through all of their content and all of that kind of stuff and basically see if indeed they are doing that. So, we're going to pull up some of their links here. And we're going to see, let's just go here. Uh, let's go to their Facebook

page. I found two Facebook pages. They're pretty much both dead. I will see that Alex here. Uh, we'll go to the website here. So, there's a few different things. And let's I'm not saying that they do this, but let's go like what not to do. So, some examples here. Um, I had a client recently who I was on the phone with where they're basically do Facebook

ads for e-commerce and they're trying to do a few different things. Like their main problem is they're not getting the high-paying clients that they want to. And there's a few reasons for that.

Number one is they're using a case study funnel, which would be the best kind of funnel to get high ticket clients in my view for these kind of agencies. But the result in their case study, it's like look, this is how we added 300K per year for this e-commerce brand.

Realistically, in e-commerce, 300K per year in revenue is nothing. Like, why would someone want to add 300K per year in revenue if they're doing a million a month like the type of client that this person wants? And then also, their kind of language they're using, their messaging is not right. They're using very low-level language like CPA and profit where the higher level businesses

use stuff like contribution margin, incrementality, like whether you think it's cringe or not, like those are the words they use. So, it's very important that we have our positioning and do it so it's instantly recognizable to basically what we're doing here. A lot of the time they'll also use the wrong offer. So, for example, I know a couple of e-commerce email marketing companies

who want to target million-dollar month brands, but they're like their ads are all I'm going to set up your email flows. It's not really going to work very well if you're targeting the biggest of the biggest brands. Like, they have their email flow set up. So, it's just like those are the kind of things we're thinking about. So, I'm going to go the I'm just going to try to

put five suggestions in summary like for each just to, you know, cap it at something. But let's go through all of their assets here. So, we have their website. We kind of already went through that. I think that's great. I think we could put some stuff like especially um probably put this up a bit. And you could probably do like revenue teams that trust cold IQ like our clients do

over billions in revenue or something like that just to make it even more obvious. You could probably put, you know, for B2B companies over 100K per month. probably could do that even higher if we wanted to, but those are minor things that I'm not really going to write down. So, for this thing, I always look at, for example, their YouTube, their

LinkedIn. I think the LinkedIn got closed by my tab limiter. So, Alex vodka LinkedIn. Let's go to the actual because I pulled their links up earlier. So, we've got the funnel here. My tab limiter is ruining my life, but I'm the one who set up the tab limiter, so probably justified. So, we have a bunch of people here. So, let's go. So basically to

start off one thing that I really don't like about this is we go to like we really want to kind of think of ways in my view to just help ourselves make it easy. So I make videos to help agencies scale to 5 million per year. I don't know if that's the best thing to put there. Who knows? But having that versus just these flowers are going to if someone's happens to be come across your

profile for the first time, it's just going to help them instantly understand what you're doing. So same with Alex Vodaka here. Same with here. I'd probably do that for like right here as well. Right here as well. Right here as well. They all have the same one here.

But it's just to qualify and say who it's for is like a lot better in my view than sales technologies that scale revenue. So, I'm going to put that my first suggestions. Put who you make content for in all of your cover images on YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, so it is instantly

recognizable as to who you make content for. And that'll just be a lot better for positioning. So, if we go here, probably should follow him back. The next thing we do it in our bios like I instead of kind of doing this where you're saying I built this to 4.5 million ARR in 2 years like I don't really think

anybody cares. That's kind of like about you instead of about them. So in this line here, scale outbound with AI and tech is kind of the same problem in my view that like this is here where it would be much better to we build outbound systems that sell for you as the position for for everything. We build outbound systems that sell for you. bonus if you

put the you know target market such as we build outbound systems for B2B businesses over 100K per month in my view most people would be doing a lot better if they just said what the hell they do in their headline. I read a quote, I think it was from David Oggov, which is like most people think the father of modern advertising that said, "Sometimes the best ad copy to sell a

horse is horses for sale." And I really think that most people instead of the headlines they use would do a lot better doing something like that. So, I think the positioning is good. Otherwise than that, I think they don't do a tremendous job on Facebook and LinkedIn. And you could very easily say Facebook is or Facebook and Instagram, Facebook is dead and LinkedIn is where our stuff is. But

if we're running Facebook ads, which we are, people are going to click on these profiles and see it. And right now, I would say there's no positioning at all. Something we want to be doing as well is basically for like if someone searches your YouTube videos, I personally don't think these are tremendous topics for their target market. So something like, you know, master classes for cold

emailing, master classes for cold calling, master classes for cold DMs, master classes for content. Like, I don't think these are very good YouTube ideas at all to appeal to the target audience. I think these ones are kind of a lot better, but still leave a lot to be desired. The best B2B lead generation strategy in 2024 is great. Um, I don't think this is good for attracting the

type of audience that they're trying to attract. And I think this could be a good one. Could be a good one. But they don't do a good job here in my view of doing ideas that build their authority. Like a POV in the day of a life of a seven figureure agency owner.

Not really going to get any of the right inbound clicks for people who have big businesses who are trying to scale their business. And even if someone comes in through ads and cold email and searches our YouTube system, probably not going to be a good job here. It might be even off-putting to make this kind of videos.

So, someone who does this properly, obviously Ed Lawrence is a YouTube person themselves. So, like when someone searches his channel, I help entrepreneurs grow YouTube channels that generate sales. Perfect. And now every single video he makes is exactly how to, you know, you can obviously see YouTube logo in there. You know, you can see what to do. You can everything has

YouTube in the name. It's very obvious as to what he does. So, I'm going to say YouTube video ideas are very poor and are not going to attract the type of audience you want can sell to. And I don't think they do a good job of nurturing, the people who come in through outbound referrals or paid ads.

That's pretty much what I'm going to say here. need to put branding on Facebook and Instagram. Even if those are not your primary source, you know, LinkedIn is, I would imagine, people who click on your meta ads are still going to see those and right now they are pretty dead and that's not a good

thing. So, do you know what their problem is when they solve it a little bit? Does their website and content resonate with their target market? I'd probably say no to be honest. Not going to sugarcoat anything here. And are they running the right type of funnel? So scale your revenue with automated outbound systems that leverage AI, tech, and data to outperform teams of 10 plus

SDRs. Okay. Um, this is kind of like a direct offer funnel. I think it's pretty much the I think this is pretty good messaging in terms of per positioning cuz you could be like skill your get more leads or you could say it outperforms teams of 10 plus SDRs. I think that's a great job of using the actual language and relating to the problems that their niche has. I

don't know about leveraging AI, tech, and data. I think still the point AI and tech and data is kind of diminishing the kind of diminishing how people value it like people don't value stuff that's made with AI so far because there's a lot of preconceived notions about it in my view people can disagree with not but the rest of the page looks great. I'd also put here like if it's possible and

if it's public like the amount of revenue and the niche that is just so people scrolling this can see which one's for them faster in my opinion. You could even put that at the top. So like $50 million funded B2B SAS, uh, you know, $100 million, you know, manufacturing company, like whatever.

I'd put that there. I think the VSSL is good because I've just seen it before, but I think it's very professionally shot. It looks good, has the subtitles and all that kind of stuff. So I think the the they are using the right type of funnel. I would just probably change that. They're using the right type of messaging. And I would put the actual, you know, what

level and niche are these clients here? But I think it's pretty good. So on the funnel page, put the niche plus revenue levels if possible on top of each of the testimonials so it is easier to see which testimonial is relevant for the person.

I think the headline would be better if you just did a, you know, benefit without negative, you know, did a headline that was more like get benefit, get X without Y, even if Z type thing.

So get an automated sales, you know, get an automated sales system that outperforms 10 sales teams of 10 plus um SDRs even if you don't understand technology or something like that. Sure, you can figure out a much better headline based on if you actually thought about it, not live on a YouTube video, but you get the point. So the next thing is we're going

to review their website. So we've already kind of reviewed the website, but we're going to review some different things. So, we do we know what they do from their headline. Do they have an optimized above the fold? Do they have a VSSO? They have a how it works section, testimonials and proof, and clear how to get started section. So, let's go back to their website here. So, we're going

to look at this for basically like this. I think what we could do here, so we could probably reduce the padding here and bring that up and we could sneak in something like this that has like uh rated by some, you know, let me see an example here.

This doesn't have a VSSL, but we could have something like rated 4.8 out of five by 330 B2B companies. I think they could have. So, let's put that there. Have a a star rating on top of the call out as proof. Reduce the padding overall to fit more in.

I think what we could do here, I don't really like this background here, but it's not really like how it goes there, but it's not a substantial amount that we can really critique it too much. So, I would say they mostly have an optimized above the fold. They should have that in there. They should either bring this way up so it's at the top.

You could save all of this space and then you could put bring up this button, too. I think that would be superior to what this is, but it looks pretty good to be honest. I'm not going to go over too much. They have everything that I said in there, but we kind of went over it earlier when I didn't really mean to do all of that in that section. But it

looks pretty good above the full to be honest. The next thing we're going to do is their funnel. So the main thing we'll review is the structure and setup of their funnel. So we can see the journey from the basically customer point of view from ads, content, outreach, all the way to booking a call. So we want to see if they're qualifying people, how they're doing so, and more. So we want

to see if they have an opt-in page from their content. We want to see if they have a sales page with VSSL improved for their ads. Want to see an application form. I want to see as best we can who how to get disqualified because we can't really see that without going through the form a bunch of times, but we're going to guess. We're going to see their call book a call page. We're going to

see their thank you page. We're going to see pretty quickly if they have a welcome flow and a pre-all flow. Hopefully, I will receive the emails if that is true. And then we'll just put some summary and suggestions here.

So the first thing is we're going to do the opt-in page from content. So I don't see any opt-in page. I would have something here similar to how I have my 12 free trainings here. This would redirect to the sales page that we talked about earlier, but it would just be from content as a way to get people on the email list. They kind of have that on the site if we recall down here.

But I'd have a separate page for this and put that in all of their content. So, I'd put that basically here in their LinkedIn. Um, put that there like you can put the stuff here like get your free trainings or whatever you want to say. Um, I think that would be a very good addition. I put that in the bio here and bio in this agency here. Uh, just something to do that there.

So build a set set page for the lead magnet and put in LinkedIn bio, YouTube bio, first line in the description of YouTube videos, pinned comments on YouTube. We do that in the Instagram bio, Facebook bio, Twitter bio, all of that kind of stuff. So I don't think as far as I can see they have that and if they do not in the optimal way. So we

have a sales page with a VSSO and proof. So that opt-in page if they had that would redirect here anyways. So they have that with the optin and the proof. Do they have an application form? They do here. I would probably put this to its own page instead of a popup just for user experience. Testing test at test. I'm going to put my real email here to see

if they get the flow. Don't email me. Uh, so what's your core business? Only apply if you're a B2B business company. I would ask if you are B2B and I would disqualify them there. If they say no, they'd be DQed. What's your currently monthly revenue? I would also put this as higher because you don't want to kind of think that the big businesses who might apply

that are 1 million or 5 million per month. If you do it like this, you might kind of think it's too small for them. Put a huge more revenue range on the forum as bigger businesses might think it is too small for them if the max they can select is 100K per month. That's a very real problem and I wouldn't say that's great positioning. If we're going to go back

to that topic, so scale your agency.ai, have you tried cold outreach before? What challenges did you face? Did you handle it inhouse? I'm sure that's conditional logic. So, yes, we have a book a call page. I don't know if it's not loading for me, but it's not loading for me.

Could be just because I'm in the UAE, but okay, here it's coming now, it looks like. Oh, maybe not. Oh, there it is. So, what I do is I put the star rating here. I'd also put the remind them and I put some FAQs andor some proof here.

Probably some FAQs. Put FAQs plus proof on the call booked page to increase your opt-in or you know call booked rate. You can also put that calumnly on the as part of the type form so they have to do it to submit.

I would also fix up some of this here. Like some great questions like this these services range between X and Y. Are you okay with this? Another one. Where did you learn about us? That's good. And then how how long have you known about us is good too because make sure they're okay with the price or the price range before they even start.

Where they came from. If they came from YouTube, for example, is going to be a much different call than if they came from cold outreach or ads. How long have you known about us? If they knew about us for one second, it's going to be a very different call than one year. So, on the Calendarly form, put the price.

Where did you come from? Um, how long have you known about us? There's some other stuff that you can put, but we're just going to leave it at that for now. I don't want to them over and book a call here. They'll get a notification and it's just me going through this video. So, we're going to leave it at that. So, they have the right thing. On their thank you page, we

should see some FAQs, some proof, some next steps, an image that like has the invite in their inbox. It says, "Go accept this to basically prime people." But that's good for now. So, if we go to their LinkedIn, I think their LinkedIn is their strong suit here. So, the main thing we're going to look at is how their profile is set up and how valuable and actionable

their content is. The second thing we're going to review is how often they post and how they consistent they are. And then the final thing will be how effective they are at driving traffic into their funnel. So we're going to look at things like do they have professional looking funnels with good profile pictures, cover image branding.

Is their link and CTA going to their main lead magnet? Is their content in the ideal or proper format for the platform? So in LinkedIn like long form or carousels, is their content useful?

And are they posting consistently? So we have a bunch of different partners here. I think there's five total partners. So, we're or four total partners that we're going to review here. So, we don't probably want to go through all of them. We're going to look at it. So, I think that they could all have the lead magnet link in there cuz none of them

do. So, let's go here. Oops. Looks like a duplicate. So, link the lead magnet inside the bio on all platforms. Make the cover image plus headline more obvious to who you sell to and what you sell so that it is instantly understood in my opinion. As far as their content, they like kind of print on YouTube or on

LinkedIn like this is their main thing. 23,000 followers, 16,000, 40,000, 38,000. So what they're doing is clearly working. But I would probably put my lead magnet in this featured tab here for sure because we want to build our email list. So in terms of the content. So let's go show some posts here. We'll look at a few from all of

them. So they're very much doing the thing where you like this is in my view the ideal content for this. It's perfect like the content stack very high effort. They're also doing the kind of the comment for this thing. And look at that. 2500 likes, 5,600 comments. So, their content is ideal. Like I don't think it could get any better. Like that's a reason why they are printing on

LinkedIn. So very very strong. They all have similar content because I know it because they're my client. But for those of you are learning about this for the first time, like they all have very very high effort. They make it a priority. So, the content's perfect. I think that everything in there is useful. They're posting consistently. It's in the ideal

format. They just, in my opinion, would get a lot better result if they had the lead magnet in their bios, plus in the featured section on all accounts, not platforms.

And then they should make that cover image. And then I think it's perfect. The next thing is going to be Twitter. So, we're going to review, you know, essentially the same thing but on Twitter. and I only found this one. So, I think we're going to have pretty much the same thing here. We're going to be doing, you know, this kind of content is pretty ideal, I would say. But, we're

going to be needing this is a little bit better as a cover image than I would say on here. There's I think there's a missed opportunity on LinkedIn, but they're going to be pretty much the exact same advice. Put the lead magnet here with the better thing here. Put their name in there. So, Alex Vaka cold IQ. So it scales or goes on on um like search results. Put Alex

vodka cold IQ as the name so it shows up in search results. Put the lead magnet link in your bio. Make the headline in bio more clear for who you sell to.

fix up the cover image to make it more clear. That's what I would say there. So, the next thing is for Instagram. Uh, this Instagram looks like more like a personal one. If there's a if there's a a real one, I have not found it. Uh, this one's also private, so it's more like a personal one. If that's not the case, like we should probably be doing this kind of stuff and on a a more

personal one. They run their ad content from Cold IQ. That's what I said before where we really want to, you know, run it from a personal brand in my opinion and have content that's more relevant to what we're actually doing. Um, so let's write that down.

Run the Facebook ads from your personal Instagram and make it public. Post short form business content or the same content you post on LinkedIn on Instagram because and Facebook sorry because that will greatly impact how good your ads perform. And right now dead. Put the link to your lead magnet in the bios. And that's pretty much it.

Unless they really for some reason don't want to use these as business. I would probably just do it like that cuz it is like kind of business. You should definitely be running the ads from this instead of cold IQ, which is kind of a dead thing. But it's kind of mixing personal with business. Makes it look like a real person and that gives him personality. So that's good. But I would

say those things work the best. Facebook is completely dead. Completely dead. This is not a good thing whatsoever as probably 35% of the ad impressions are on there and it is dead.

Need to fix everything. We're just going to put that there. For Tik Tok is the next one. I think I had a Tik Tok link somewhere. I'd say fairly dead, but if you're not going to post on it, not a big priority. So, let's just go here. So, fairly dead, but not bad because Target market likely not on Tik Tok. You could put some effort in and turn the

basically LinkedIn content into the same thing with a video reels background and crossost, but not a big deal. Would not recommend putting much time on it. So, next is going to be the YouTubes. So, I'm kind of like I've kind of also and we're almost done to the video by the way. I've kind of already done a lot of this stuff on

here where a lot of the same result applies. So, let's just say let's just go Need to fix cover image to make it obvious who you sell to. Need to put lead magnet link inside the bios. need to put Alex vodka cold IQ so it shows up better in search. I do not think the content is the ideal or useful in 90% of videos. I

recommend not doing what they are doing and make it solely business related. This is very important and if we remember back like he's making POV videos day in the life like whether or not we get new views from YouTube like let's say none of these videos go viral or anything people who come from ads outbound referrals are going to look at this content and I don't think this is

the kind of content they would want to see this is very bad because even if it gets views or it gets no views people from LinkedIn ads, cold outreach, referrals often will stumble upon the YouTube and this content does nothing to nurture them. I think Michelle does a bit better job, but I don't think it's the greatest. I'd also shoot for at

least twice per week for this kind of stuff. But let's look at their thumbnails. I think the thumbnails are gorgeous. I think the thumbnails are perfect. I think it's perfect introduction as well. Very good introduction. You see it here. They have their miniourse here. That's $1. They want to do that instead of a lead magnet. That's great. But I would

probably put that in there. You don't need to have this in there at all. So, so basically, I will build your outbound system to book sales calls for you is unironically a better headline than a lot of the headlines we've reviewed so far. I try not to on them or anything, but put the lead magnet in the first line of description and also pinned comment.

The titles the the titles are kind of not good because the ideas are not necessarily useful in my opinion, but they have great thumbnails and great edited introductions. So, perfect there. Like, see how nicely visual hook that is. That's perfect. But he needs to put the he needs to put the stuff here as well.

short form video for the next part. So, the main thing we're going to look at is similar for all of the platforms, but I don't think I have some like weird blocker on Instagram. Let's just get that off here.

like we don't really have short form so there's not much to say not much short form I would say like make a puppy AI board based off your course content and have it write 30 short form scripts then film them all in one day you know 3 hours or less and have it post short form once per day on reals, shorts, and Tik Tok. It's

basically what I would say, but there's not much to review there. For the ads library, it's the second last section because we're not going to do the first email in the flow just cuz I don't want to screw them over by booking a call and that kind of stuff. We are going to do this as the last one. So, what we're going to review is we're going to review the combination

of their ad creatives and landing pages mostly working together as a team. Are they congruent? Do they have good visual hooks for their ads? Do they have good audio hooks for their ads? And do they have subtitles? So, we go to their ad library. There's a few different ones.

I'm going to focus on the VSSL ones. So, let's open it up. See? Add details. So, so I'd say a pretty good visual hook.

So, this is a case study type ad like or not really a case study type ad, but it's leveraging a case study in the first thing. I like the are you doing a B2B business doing over 100K per month? Good hook on that one. Good visual hook. So, let's go to another one. Good thumbnail here. It's interesting.

So it's do you want to get that many meetings without hiring expensive B or SDRs. So it had a great visual hook. It had a great audio hook and it had subtitles. So I think they're doing a great job here. So you know visual hooks, subtitles, and thumbnails are on point. If anything, they could probably just make more ads. That's like the only feedback I would say at this point. But

when we go it, it's going to go to this thing here. So, let's just see how congruent this is. Do you want to generate 20 calls per month? And that's what they have there.

So, very nice. That's very congruent. I would say that's less congruent just because it's a static image. So the landing page looks all the same. I think it's very congruent. I think that's a good job. So basically I don't have any suggestions there besides make more ads. So that's going to be the end of the video. So, that's Cold IQ.