Lots of custom work eating up all of my bandwidth, all my time. I didn't feel like I was able to really like promote it and scale it. The best way to capitalize on AI and automation is to use them in your own business, not necessarily to sell that as your front offer. The client I actually landed through Dream 100 Outreach. The minute I started delivering stuff for her, she

immediately reached out. She's like, "You know what? I'm going to pay you what you asked for. I'm just sending her that I've generated with AI." Hey there, Lucas Senate here, head of AI at Client Ascension and co-founder of AIA AAA. I'm here with Nick. Say hi, Nick.

&gt;&gt; Hey, what's going on? &gt;&gt; Nick is the founder of Market Backwards, a marketing company that now deals with is it funnels and ads is your primary offer right now.

&gt;&gt; That's correct. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Nick's going along to talk a little bit his experience in AIA and uh he's been in CA for some time and then uh recently joined the program. So, Nick, why don't you talk a bit about what you were doing before when you first joined Client Ascension and kind of what you're doing now. So before I jumped into client ascension, I was

actually working for a marketing agency. Funnily enough, kind of doing more or less in the background what I'm doing now. I was building automations, building out infrastructure for a marketing firm that ran webinars and and sold funnels and things like that. So to me, it seemed like a natural fit for me to jump into doing like an AI and automations agency. So when I jumped

into CA, that's essentially what I was planning on doing. So, I had that at, you know, around 5K a month. And it turned out it was like lots of custom work eating up all of my bandwidth, all my time. You know, I'm not above that. I don't know if it's an IQ thing or if it's just specific knowledge thing, but it was just kind of like eating me up and I didn't feel like I was able to

really like promote it and scale it the way I wanted to. &gt;&gt; You were just talking about that before we we started recording. the custom work and stuff like that is like like one of the things that everyone kind of falls into kind of the the trap of doing something we tried to solve with AIA is to try and kind of you know productize as much of the work as possible but like

what we were just saying about the kind of people out there that are running automations agencies now definitely with that that's where it's easy you know to end up doing everything absolutely custom every single time and like you said then you know one person's got the time to do all that that stage then you've got to start hiring and obviously it's hard to find people who are experts

in automation and in AI and some of that so it's a tough business model to get started with for sure so yeah so then uh You mentioned there that he started to join AIA. What was the kind of reasoning behind that?

&gt;&gt; Well, the reasoning that, you know, Daniel spelled it out pretty clearly. The best way to capitalize on AI and and automation is to use them in your own business, not necessarily to sell that as your front offer. So, obviously, I took too long to make a decision and kind of like make that adjustment, but once I did it, just things started falling in place. It just felt way more

natural for me. And it's an offer that that I find is is truly scalable. You can use all the AI all the the systems and processes that I was using in my previous offer, previous business are directly applicable to what I'm doing.

In fact, you know, they give me more leverage now in what I'm doing than they previously were. Since I joined AIA, you know, put my offer together and obviously I have all the support I need.

If I have any questions, I've got you, I've got Evan, I've got anybody, you know, I can reach out to like vet my copywriting. But the clients just started becoming more more clients that I felt comfortable with and was able to get good results for.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. You mentioned that like you previously were working kind of the marketing agency you were doing like things like webinars and kind of a bit of ads and funnels and that that sort of stuff. How do you feel that that experience then helped you like kind of going into the funnels and ads offer with AIA?

&gt;&gt; I mean it was a direct correlation. You know I was familiar with the process of setting up these funnels. I wasn't running ads and I wasn't really dealing with anything on the front end, you know, the top of funnel, but all the back end, the email flows and all the automations that you know, CRM automations and anything like that, those are all things that were natural

to me. So, between the two, I just kind of like put two and two together and it's pretty natural fit. &gt;&gt; Awesome. And then I know that you uh recently signed a pretty big client. I don't know how much information you want to obviously talk about, but what was the process kind of for signing that client? How did that come about? So, the client I actually landed through Dream

100 Outreach. You know, I saw she had a big brand and and I put together a VSSL script for her, sent it to her, told her kind of the strategy behind it, how to implement it, and you know, I think she just saw a lot of value in that. I sounded like I knew what I was talking about. So, you know, I got her on a call and we talked about it. We negotiated a little bit. I pitched her, you know, an

8K setup fee with 5K a month ongoing. We negotiated a little bit, ended up. So, she actually negotiated me down to 6K. She was like, "Well, I already have infrastructure and she negotiated me down to 6K." And I was like, "Fine, let's just get it signed and get going." And the minute I started delivering stuff for her, she immediately reached out. She's like, "You know what? I'm

going to pay you what you asked for. This is like above and beyond and you know, you're crushing it." So, she's like, "I I need to keep you around. You know, I need I need you to &gt;&gt; Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's it. That's another thing we talk about as well is kind of like you know the overd delivering sort of thing as well which is something that you know a lot of

agencies do the kind of opposite you know the amount of times when I was running an ecom email marketing agency you know we'd uh talk to some clients they're like oh we worked with some guys you know for a few months and they set up all our email flows and stuff and they'd be like yeah they charge us like 24 grand and we'd be like okay and we check what they made and they did like

four flows with like three emails in each flow and we're just like Jesus you know &gt;&gt; I need charging more 24 &gt;&gt; exactly yeah I'm like crazy you know but uh yeah that's kind of the whole thing is like actually delivering like really kind of solid service than overd delivering. You know, that's how you kind of retain clients and even that

client especially, you know, was very happy to then pay you kind of what you initially asked. So, that's fantastic. And what have you been doing actually like in the weeds setting up for her, you know, as part of the the offer, &gt;&gt; ad scripting, video scripting for the ads, static creatives, VSSL scripting. I built out the funnel for her, which, you know, I just I literally hired a guy

that you sent me to or sent my way and uh he did a great job and, you know, got a a good funnel for her &gt;&gt; at the uh the Click Funnels guy, the guy that said over. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

&gt;&gt; He's great. He's really good. &gt;&gt; I like him. And I noticed a bottleneck in her business model. I figured there's got to be a better way to do it. She was basically selling challenge tickets through a webinar, which seems like extra steps that she didn't need in there. So, I basically just streamlined that, did a direct to sales page funnel for her. You know, she's she's super

happy with it. Relieves her time. She doesn't have to spend as much time on webinars and it's able to get her profitable on the front end. Sorry, my sitting here with my laptop on my lap and my screen's jumping around. That's all good. All good. That's fantastic though. And uh the results been good so far. How actually how long have you been working with her now?

&gt;&gt; 3 months now. Yeah. &gt;&gt; 3 months. Fantastic. And it's results been going well for it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, she's, like I said, she's thrilled. She's currently in a challenge right now. And just, you know, send her an update and she's just over the moon with the fact of the matter is I'm just sending her that I've generated with AI. It's all about you get out what

you put in, as you know, and um it's quality stuff, but it doesn't take me very long. I don't have to sit there and like write an entire VSSL myself, nor do I think I could. I'll get better and better at that, but at this point, I'm pretty heavily leaning on prompting, you know.

&gt;&gt; I know that um you had a bit of experience obviously in the automation space coming in, so you kind of already had an understanding of like some of the tools and things like that, but how did you find kind of when you joined AIA getting used to using kind of the tools and kind of some of the teachings that we have in there? Like there's obviously just the AI dashboard which you would

have seen for a while already as a CA member and then there was the new thing was kind of the NAD workflows and that sort of stuff too. like how did you find kind of getting those set up?

&gt;&gt; Yeah, I mean you've made it all very streamlined. You know, one the AI dashboard is beautiful. That thing is just worth the tuition in itself. And then the N8 workflows are fantastic, you know, and you can just customize them to do what you want to do. You know, every use case is going to be different. So, you do have to do some customization, but they're all pretty laid out for you

and very modular. So, you can just grab the trigger, add a different trigger, set it up a different way, change the prompts, you know, however you want. You mentioned that obviously we've got our funnels coach Evan Sichch and so I assume you would have kind of spent a lot of time talking to him. How have you found kind of his guidance in this stuff so far?

&gt;&gt; Evan's obviously a powerhouse. His calls are gold. You don't want to miss those. And he's very forthcoming with information. There's like no gatekeeping, you know, which is something that I think surprised me.

Maybe I'm naive in that, but I kind of expected somebody to like be protective of what they've built, but it's honestly there's like zero gatekeeping when it comes to any of the coaches and CA. I love that. Yeah, I think that's one of the things that a lot of us kind of adopted especially from like you know Alexi like he kind of always gave away kind of all the info and I think it's

because we know that like the dedicated students like yourself are going to implement that sort of stuff but there is going to be a lot there that are just either it's not going to be applicable to them or they just won't apply it you know so you're not really too worried about kind of creating competition because it takes it's rare for students like yourself to come along that are

really going to go all in on it and kind of apply it properly. But yeah, I I mean that's kind of something that I think we always kind of appreciate at CA is just giving as much value as as possible and kind of giving away all kind of the information that we have and like there's not a lot of information as well that I think that is I pretty much most people can kind of figure this stuff out

or they'll eventually will kind of like the information will be public eventually, you know. So like the ideas think in CA is that you're just going to get like all the coaches are really ahead of the curve what kind of the newest sort of stuff is. I know for instance myself personally I'm constantly trying new AI stuff and the only problem I ever have is like if I

teach this or introduce this is it going to distract people from what they should be doing. &gt;&gt; That's a valid thing because it moves so quickly at this stage that it's pretty easy to get overwhelmed you know like do I need to be doing such and such thing.

I would say just stick to the fundamentals and if you have to do something manually just freaking do it manually. &gt;&gt; Exactly. Yeah. So like that's something that like recently the uh I've been diving into agentic workflows and like kind of these kind of new way of building agents and stuff and I am going to do a whole course on it but I want to

make sure that kind of everyone that's coming through is kind of you know happy with everything currently the current setup and they've learned also they need to know you know before I kind of distract them by anything extra to be like you know maybe you should doing this instead. So &gt;&gt; your calls as well in particular, I get a lot of value from just gems. You know,

I'll notice either a new technology or a new workflow or a new way to implement a trigger or something like that that just sparks some sort of inspiration and just sets you on a new path. It's great.

That's what I really aim to do, you know, because like as much as we want to prepackage this stuff and make it as easy to pick up and do and learn as possible, I also want to give everyone the kind of the tools and the skills to figure this stuff out themselves too, you know, like that's why in AI and now there's two like there's two NAND courses. The first one is one that'll

like everyone has to watch this one. That's the enough to be dangerous where you'll need to know this in order to get the workflows up and running. But I've got another more detailed one that's kind of like right here's how this all works like right from beginning to end and if you want to build your own stuff, here's how to do that. Now, not everyone's going to watch that one, but

I want everyone to have the ability to, you know, like if they find themselves going, "Oh, I actually really like this and this is very helpful on you, but I want to make this one." You can go through and watch that and learn how to do that stuff, too.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Like for example, the vector store thing. That was just a a paradigm shift for me. That's fantastic. I love that. &gt;&gt; Yeah, 100%. Like that's something that like not everyone is going to need, you know? So, like I didn't want to include it in the main course, but like later on I was like, "Right, this is now as I was talking to you guys and some of you were getting very advanced with it. You with

your previous experience as well, you were kind of moving a little bit further ahead. I was like, "Right, well, this is something that, you know, obviously that will be useful." also kind of go into stuff on that. Yeah, like it's definitely kind of a slight a slightly more advanced kind of AI tool, the vector stores and stuff, but I think they're wildly useful and I've really

kind of enjoyed messing around with them. But um how long have you been in AIA now? Is it is it 3 months as well? &gt;&gt; Yeah, 3 months I believe I joined in September if I'm not mistaken. Sorry, I don't have the date, but it's I think like late September.

&gt;&gt; Awesome. Yeah. And overall, what would you say was kind of like when you decided to join considering you were already in the main kind of CA program, what was the real kind of driver behind getting you to sign up?

&gt;&gt; Okay. one and this isn't a specific answer but it kind of speaks to the whole quality level in general is like I just know that uh CA and the whole team behind it Daniel Andre yourself my coach Andy Andy's worth his weight and gold you know I just knew that there's quality behind it and everything about it made sense you know I just knew that um leveraging AI for fulfillment was

really the way to go and I just wanted to be a part of it you know it's it's kind of as simple as that &gt;&gt; awesome yeah and you mentioned there your coach Andy, your student success coach. How has he like kind of helped you along your overall CA journey?

What's kind of the main thing you talk to Andy about or you do with Andy? &gt;&gt; One, he's got the patience of a saint. I've done quite a bit of foot dragging along the way to be honest with you. Not intentionally, but just sort of over I'm kind of a chronic overinker. And when I was trying to figure out my first offer and like pivot from another offer, I jumped on one of my first calls with

Daniel early on. And it's funny because I told him I was working for that company. I told him about the offer that I was thinking about doing. He goes, he was just like, "Don't do that. That's stupid." He goes, "Just sell webinars.

Just sell funnels." And I was, I was just kind of like, "Maybe I should do CRO. Maybe I should do this or that." It's so funny that like I've come around full circle, but it took me way longer than I'd like to admit to come to that realization.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. Know, some you just need someone like that just to like I always say like when I first joined CA as a student, Dan shouted my offer at me. Like I got on a call with Dan and I was like, you know, well, I've done this, this, and this and I'm thinking of doing this. And he was just like, "You sell landing pages and BSLs. That's all you do." I was like, "All right, cool." you know, like and

like now he's got a very direct style, you know, like he's exactly like the YouTube channel as well, you know, like that doesn't change on the the calls, &gt;&gt; but it is kind of tough love. It's not like he he's not being a dick. He's like really just giving you value and I love that. But I mean, you asked me a question about Andy. Andy has been obviously encouraging and supportive and

like helpful and and everything, but like strategically, he keeps you in line. He keeps you like honest and he he keeps you moving in the right direction. Okay, what have you been working on? Let him know what you've been working on.

and he says, "Okay, now you need to just double down on that or you need to pivot to this or you need to stick to that, you know, and he's always present." Yeah, Andyy's Andy's fantastic, which I'm sure is the same for any coach in the program. But &gt;&gt; yeah, no, that's that's great. And I believe Andy worked with the Sences a little bit and kind of coordinate with

them. And I believe they do something called a business health audit. I'm sure Andy's done those with you. What are those like? What kind of pro is the process for those?

&gt;&gt; A little bit painful because it's like looking in a mirror and not liking what you see. Unfortunately, that was the case for me for a good while. And that's that's just because I was waffling around trying to figure out what I wanted to sell or what was going to really work for me, you know. But yeah, I mean, he just dive into numbers. He he'll ask you like, "What have you

done?" It's a very structured process, right? There's a spreadsheet that has all your numbers in it, what outreach have you done, what kind of responses you're getting, and uh you know, based on that, it's just a health audit.

&gt;&gt; Awesome. And then like I assume then designed to give recommendations then after that based on the numbers and things like that. &gt;&gt; 100%. Yep. He will give you literally a list of what you need to do over the next couple weeks or months. It's broken down and it's 100% customtailored.

There's nothing cookie cutter about it. He's, you know, reading your experience, your strengths and weaknesses and telling you, hey, this is what you need to do.

&gt;&gt; Fantastic. And, uh, I suppose the other question would be like what are the other kind of elements of the program so far that you've enjoyed the most or like what's kind of the things that have been &gt;&gt; the community, man. The community is incredibly valuable. You can ask a question in any of the, you know, numerous channels and either a coach is responding to you pretty quickly.

There's some other students in the program that are just light years beyond where I'm at. So, the amount of value I can get from them is, you know, can't be said enough about.

&gt;&gt; Yeah. And I think that's a very good point there. We've got a lot of students in there who are, you know, quite far ahead off the top of my head. You've got obviously Evan was a student, now he's a coach. You've got Aean, Max Divons, like these guys that have all kind of crushed it. And like the main thing I always find about them is how willing they all are to kind of share that information

and the sauce, you know, kind of the stuff they did to to get there. There's you said like the coaches gatekeeping, but I even find among the students and uh you know, the community members, everyone seems very happy to help out.

I'm kind of glad we've kind of promoted that sort of kind of ethos throughout the the community. &gt;&gt; I've never really been in a community like it. I've told my coach this and my yearly subscription is going to come to an end and it's just, you know, there's no question in my mind whether or not I need to be in CA. It's just too valuable.

&gt;&gt; Fantastic, man. Thank you very much for hopping on, man. Really appreciate it. Why don't you give a quick shout out of like your your website or your socials or anything like that and we'll put them in the description below as well.

&gt;&gt; Yeah, thanks. Marketback.com doing ads and funnels for info and coaches and consultants, but I'm definitely going to be signing on a little bit more obscure niches as we've been talking about in the group lately. Got some stuff coming through with private practice and some home services.

&gt;&gt; Fantastic. Really good man. That's great to hear. That's it. Please check out go to uh clientcension.ai AI for more information. If you want to hear more from me, subscribe to my newsletter at appliedleverage.io. And see you in the next one. Peace everyone.

&gt;&gt; My pleasure.