 
 invest in yours. And then it
"Buy our stuff. Buy our stuff. Last
"Get a free workout class sent to you."
"Hey, here's a $50 bill." Probably the
"Hey, if you want an extra 20% off, you
"Oh, I don't really love any of these
"Okay, cool. Let's send this to the main
"Okay, what exactly are you looking for?
"We noticed you stopped by. Did you get
"What are you looking for?" You want to
"What does Breeze taste like?" Just
"Yes, I want the discount." They click
"Yes, please," or, "No, thanks. cuz I'll
$10 million for our brands. So, we kind
$100 million from email marketing.
$100, use a dollar off discount. And if
$100,000 every single month. You can see
$25,000 a month. And all we did for this
$287,000
$50 bill would sound better. So
1 hour later. Dynamic Clavio block. Give
10 brands before they decide who to buy
10 people who receive this email are
10% of unique website visitors that you
10% off is so buried. So, somebody looks
10% off, usually 10% off sounds better
10% off? And then we can remove any text
10% opt-in rate on your pop-ups. Meaning
16.9% conversions. But that is the list
17,000 to 30,000 new email subscribers
2-hour time delay on the other. So, what
20 hours, so I'd change that to just one
2020 and 2021 and only the brands with
2020 ecom was really easy. Stimulus
2025? We can't just do a basic just
21% more. So, make sure you AB test your
2200 hours of your life on the toilet.
226%. And this blue bar right here is
24 more hours. Something like this
25 to 50%. So, don't do it. One input
250k a month and you're getting 25k to
250k plus monthly site visitors, then we
29th, 2nd, 5th, 6th, 8, 9, 12, 13, 15.
2x return on your ad spend, email has an
3.5 grand or so a month. And then
30 days. I just like to do 30 days. And
30 seconds because most people that are
30% of people who are receiving this
38 grand every monthish. And then the
40% of their total store revenue coming
50/50 random sample. And then we'll have
50k uh monthly site visitors and that
8.75% which is a 3.5x. And look at that.
85% of people are opening their emails
90-day engaged list. We achieved these
AB test for one of my 100 clients,
AB test is to test your different
AOV, we want our offer to be dollars
Actually, we always want to end with a
Add footer buttons. And then boom,
Add your favorite jeans. Clean cuts to
Added some extra copy with this bridge
Address how our brand is unique by
Adjusting the copy about still thinking
Again, we have ML, which I went over
All righty. Here we are. I just finished
All these call to actions, decision
Aloe Aloe. It's pretty much like a
Also, non-negotiable that I always like
And I'm going to show you exactly the
And I'm just using just like four emails
And also in these emails, we need a
And boom. Let me show you what I did.
And boom. That actually looks pretty
And exactly, I want the background to be
And finish with a general shop now
And here is exactly what the month
And here's like how the process looks.
And if these brands who are at the
And if you say that I sent you, just go
And if you want a link to the actually
And it just is super quick. Overcomes a
And let me look. So we have a rectangle
And of course, shop by category. In case
And so I just brought in the copy here.
And so for this brand, for example, our
And so these are like a few examples of
And so what I want to do is I'm just
And so you just have to go through their
And so, if we could do some sort of like
And so, we want to make our call to
And that just made our lives so much
And that's literally it. Just uploading
And that's what we're going to be doing
And then a little bit of copy right
And then also we have the afterpay, shop
And then always, always, always include
And then boom, just like that, you've
And then boom, right here we have this
And then boom, we are all set here. I
And then boom. But also very important,
And then boom. This is a fire step right
And then click outside form to close.
And then even after that, you could be
And then for her, for him, this is what
And then for this top headline, which is
And then if we wanted to bring these
And then it's just going to show up
And then just as important, we have our
And then just to give some people some
And then next, for your call to actions,
And then of course we have just like
And then perfect. This looks like Mr.
And then right here, this is our micro
And then shop by category of course in
And then sign it off from a person. You
And then that single email is not
And then there are a couple different
And then this one to say male and the
And then we can add a stroke. If we add
And then we could have, you know, a
And then we feature the product. You can
And then we go through the treatment
And then we have a black outline here.
And then we'll have the footer. And then
And then we're uploading our images into
And then you can also do targeting and
And then you can delete whatever you
And then you have the different steps
And then you're worried about this bunch
And they don't know that an email step
And this doesn't even show SMS. Here we
And this is going to recover sales from
And this is how you can stand out in the
And this is in the platform attentive.
And this is my number one way for
And this should be pretty good to go, I
And try not to use any other text. You
And we just ask that on the first step,
And what they did here is wait 4 hours.
Another one I want to talk about is
Anything over one to two kind of like
Banger. And now we have the Calvin Klein
Beast's website. And for this section we
Because when somebody sees a pop-up
Because while Meta has an average of a
Before you could have an average of
Birkenstock. Now, let's rock and roll
Boom. Shop online or head in store to
Breaking down every single ingredient,
Bridge section, just explain exactly why
Bridge section. And then a final little
Bridget explaining why this product is
Builds trust, builds community, the
But I want to set up a micro commit and
But a high converting pop-up will allow
But everything that you need to get your
But it is a little bit too light. We
But it's a completely different
But now let's talk about the last chance
But the easiest way to optimize your
But these are three great examples of
But, we do still need to add our buttons
Butcherbox right here. And we can see
Buy these items." And that worked really
Buy this. Here's another bestseller. Buy
Buying used to be impulsive kind of in
Calvin Klein is having two buttons in
Calvin Klein, since we have men and
Calvin Klein. Let's set the background
Calvin Klein. Send an email. Click
Canva. You will likely need to hire a
Carter is just one of the four
Change the copy to something like you've
Change the font to be my brand's fonts.
Claia looks like on the inside. I just
Claim your exclusive deal. You can see
Claio support article and it should help
Claio the data on what they say. So what
Claio. If you want to know how to do
Clavia. That's a bit advanced. We don't
Clavio for clean and consistent layouts
Clavio gives us a ton of different
Clavio or whatever email sending
Clavio section showing what that person
Clavio templates. It'll automatically
Clavio. And we don't need to cuz there
Clavio. Just an overall segmentation
Clavio. What we want to do is change
Clean eats never tasted this filthy
Click finish. And then right here, this
Combination of different things. For
Corbin from Breeze. And that's perfect.
Could do a underwear highlight. And then
Customers can get a bit annoyed and it
Cuz then we're forcing somebody to close
Cyber Monday comes around, they already
Day, behind the scenes, your muscles
Did something catch your eye? So
Different copy right here. And then we
Don't get too carried away. I'm not a
Don't overthink this. You could look at
Educate on the brand a bit and give that
End with a general shop now button.
Engagement. Now, we have a super
English and visually show the ease of
Essentially, what we need is we need a
Even if you don't have a ton of new
Even though they do typically perform
Every audience is different. Okay, so we
Every email holds a little bit less
Every single test that I've done, the
Everything else we kind of mapped out.
Everything is just listed out for you.
Export this image just like this.
Exported. Go back here. Upload this
FAQ sort of email that you can do. This
FAQs and having a simple reminder and
FAQs. Rather than having a general email
Facebook rorowaz tanks. We saw a lot of
Father's Day is coming up. So, we could
Follow that up with that discount.
Follow this flow and you are all set.
Forgot to have the headline. We're going
GPT that you can have access to.
Generally, we have a day or two in
Get rid of the SMS and then edit the
Give me email campaign ideas." So, you
Gmail will notice and send to spam. If
Going on a coffee date, here are some
Google and inbox providers will see that
Google doc and split things up into the
Gym Shark right here, designing three
Here we have a graphic one of, "Is safe
Here's an example. You can see the form
Here's another example here. It's from a
Here's the simple strategy that we do.
Here's your discount. Go shop on the
How can we re-engage these inactive
Humans tend to convert better when they
I can actually look at all the emails
I could do something like this. Use this
I did a little bit of advanced
I did just newsletter. Turn you off. Put
I didn't know. So, we're going to do a
I got this. And I think that this will
I have a question about email marketing.
I have with these exact systems. I
I highly recommend checking this out.
I kind of want this to be bigger. Could
I like this lip care, the road
I like this one the best. Start with a
I like to make separate forms for mobile
I love for clothing brands. If you're
I might as well just enter my email."
I might go to like this brand Casey and
I really want to have these little
I think I like this. We had to crop
I think that that'll make this look a
I trained this. So, I highly recommend
I use these as little frames. And so if
I want to do that first. Uh but we are
I wanted to remove this and then just
I will go shop new arrivals or maybe I
I would do is I would clone this, drag
I would recommend allallearn.com. It's
I'd say something like just tell us what
I'll insert this in. Right click. Bring
I'll walk you through some examples. And
I'm exposing to you in this video. After
I'm going to change that as we went
I'm going to copy this. And then I don't
I'm going to create this form. I'm just
I'm going to delete the SMS just for
I'm going to do is add one more section
I'm going to go through a few of my
I'm going to leave this here for now.
I'm going to send this to the back. We
I'm going to show you exactly what you
I'm going to split just before these
I'm going to use that. Organic
I'm just going to copy and paste this
I'm just going to go off metric right
I'm just going to go with this one.
I'm just going to pick out five of
I'm not going to do a sub headline. So I
I'm thinking something like this by
I'm trying to fix my scars. And then the
I'm trying to get inspiration for this
I've tested this on 8 figure brand,
If they know exactly what it's going to
If this person added to cart, they
If we had the and it's clean, we could
If you can, if you want to be
If you click on right here, it'll walk
If you see one starting to perform
Immersive little section of do gym right
In 2025 and 2026, when there are so many
Individual products need to have shop
Instagram. Um so I pulled it from that.
Introduce the founder, the brand's
It is your audience, your list. You
It's a custom GPT that I've trained with
It's around $100,000 a month
It's engaging for the customer. We love
It's just nice and clean and fun. You
It's just too much work. So we need to
It's like, I found this new awesome
It's not consistent. and you're not
It's the closest thing that I could find
It's your final push to convert these
Jobs and Pablo Picasso said it so you
Just do what you think makes sense and
Just like that, we're going to change
Just looked up peanut butter swoosh and
Just noticing that this isn't centered.
Just put in the copy right here. And we
Just two emails is perfect. We want to
Just uploaded my logo there. Go to next.
KPI and the performance that we want on
Kendrick song they not like us was big.
Kind of like this. So what we can do is
Kind of what you'd expect for a graphic
Klein email, which I think it's going to
Klein's website here, I have a ton of
Let's Let's try it out and see how we
Let's create a campaign. We'll say test
Let's do something that's highlighting
Let's get into the overall results and
Let's go in and start building the flow.
Let's go on ahead and get to work on the
Let's move this up here. And boom. This
Let's see what we can get here that
Like for example, at my agency,
Limited time. I could say usually a
Liquid Death. I wish Liquid Death had
Lululemon fitness clothing. So this was
Made this during the winter time and so
Maybe summarize it really quick and have
Maybe you'll get a good rorowaz here,
Meanwhile, the restocks like this and
Mention the discount code and that it's
Mind, Magic Spoon, Lollipop, Dr.
Most customers aren't buying
Move this a little bit under. Let's
Mr. Beast's favorite snack right now.
Need to bring the same rectangle blue
No, this isn't a charity. People aren't
Nobody wants that. But this brand's
Now we find a good cadence for sending
Now we need to add our bridge section.
Now, I think we could do a little bit
Now, let's actually get to the
Now, let's actually put this into
Now, let's add in the footer. All right.
Now, let's recreate this for everybody.
Now, pretty doesn't always equal profit
Now, some people might be like, "Oh,
Now, the biggest difference here is
Now, we need to do the bonus savings in
Obviously, we want them to be different,
Oh, I love this. Add in some clouds
Okay, that's kind of a banger. I think
Okay. So first I want to be clear on the
On the homepage, you click the main
Or it's a collection. I mean it's a
Or maybe they don't get their paycheck
Or not workout class, but a free
Or, "Hey, get an extra blank t-shirt if
Our customers are in zombie mode in our
Pause. And then we put in whatever color
Peanut butter that slaps. You've had
Perfect execution. Nice and simple. And
Perfect. And then something like this,
Perfect. This was a bit of a harsh
Perfect. What's inside? And then we
Probably go with a competitor. The
Profile filters. I'll have this in the
Rainforest Alliance certified cacao,
Reach out from the founder of the
Really hit home on being personal.
Reminded the welcome discount. We don't
Ridge, Viori. They're sending emails on
Right here, which is super easy to just
Right when you open the email rather
Right? right when they see a pop-up,
SMS and email running at the same time,
SMS because um that's going to be stuff
SMS for high leverage moments such as
SMS is typically, as long as you do it
SMS lists. You will be able to double
SMS marketing. To take this expensive
SMS subscribers newsletter. Once we
SMS. So, I'd probably do something like
Same site traffic, same AOV, same
Same styles, even better deal. Just walk
Select the image and then go to the
September. So, let's get into the actual
Shark, again, another brand that I
Shop black pieces. You don't just need
Shopify, this should already be
Since this is a sale email, you don't
Snake. I just looked up like fashion and
So I'm just copy and pasting the same
So boom, we've added this little line
So here are some good brands to steal
So inside of Claio, let's do the same
So let's put this rectangle for the
So let's shift this. And then that looks
So played on that. They not like us,
So something that's going to bring them
So that kind of helps with that. Maybe I
So this is how we execute blog emails.
So this is like the timeline of kind of
So this is something that's fun. You
So to put it simply, email is the
So typically we just want to be sending
So we did a free item with orders above
So we have our educational emails right
So we just have text here in this bridge
So we want the design to be as simple,
So we're all good. This is going to fire
So you can see it's just a super super
So, Claio has an awesome feature where
So, I got a couple of their logo TE's
So, I just pulled this image, which is
So, I need to center that. And I am not
So, I pulled a few here and I've started
So, I want to do something like this for
So, I would have changed the offer to
So, all we need to do is add in a
So, going back to the email marketing
So, here is like a designed welcome flow
So, if somebody goes to checkout or they
So, inside of Clavio, we can create a
So, just break down the only three
So, just doing the finishing touches
So, just like before, we can just drag
So, let's add another stroke. Maybe set
So, let's talk about the email campaign
So, looking at their website here,
So, step four now, let's actually create
So, that's what we want to do right
So, the winning welcome flow strategy,
So, there is our ideation. Now, let's
So, these are the five highest levers AB
So, this is one. This is Selena Gomez's
So, this is the welcome flow template
So, this is what it's like to go back
So, this was an upgrade letter leather
So, to add some extra depth here, I put
So, two different restock SMS messages.
So, we got some different options right
So, we just need to extend this email
So, we just want to have a couple emails
So, we want these graphic based emails
So, we want to carry these over and add
So, we want to combat that with why
So, we want to turn that off. And so
So, what I would do here is add
So, you can see the exact performance on
So, you can see these have a little bit
Some more education. Then a product
Something I really like here that I
Something just like this. So, let's move
Something like how our materials are
Something that is going to differentiate
Something that we're doing a lot is
Sounds great to me. So now we need to
Squatch, Ridge, Lollipop, and a stupid
Squatch, Seed, and Breeze. These are
Stanley email. Valentine's Day sale.
Super clear. Valent super clear email on
Super super simple. Just some brand
Take time to find your good testimonials
Taking down big chocolate with ethical
Terry Roberts founder. Of course, put an
Textbased emails are one way to do that.
That is high converting email design. So
That is how you beat your rising cost
That is what you get when you buy our
That's another principle of high
That's not on the design side. This is
That's pretty typical because people
That's really funny. Um, click the
That's stuff that people like and that
That's the strategy. Nice and simple.
That's what I've done in the past 18
That's what marketing is. And then
That's what we want to get people to
That's why we're not going too much in
The average time you have with a
The cart abandon and the checkout
The customer feels like they earn their
The filler emails are one to five
The first one that we need is active
The most important and what 95% of your
The reward. We can do whatever is set up
Then feature some products, a little bit
Then list and segments are just
Then we feature some trending tops. We
Then, we want to avoid all of these
There should not be any time delay. Send
There was no extra ad spend. We took the
There's a block right here for the Cyber
There's a lot of words, like three
There's a psychological trigger in
There's just a lot of words here. But
There's just like growth strategies. So
There's the micro commit, the email
These are pretty standard. We're going
These are super effective for showing
These aren't essays of information. It's
These different sections right here,
They can change the branding a little
They don't know what to get. So we
They increased their revenue by 3.5x.
They just feel personal. It comes from a
They just look like every single other
They look exactly like they're coming
They look like they're coming from a
They need multiple touch points. They
They probably know what they're doing.
They probably tested 21% versus 20%. For
They we need to make it as clear as
They'll respond to you and get all these
They're just going to leave and never
This GPT is going to give you three
This could be single product or could be
This is how you can do everything just
This is literally all you need. You can
This is me handing the click in the sale
This is one right here where it's your
This is super creative. It's like a
This is the sort of stuff that you
This is the sort of stuff which is going
This is through Clavio and this one is
This is your upgrade. Okay, I like this.
This looks good, but this is kind of
This video is about the email welcome
This was the before and then this is how
Those are the two most important ones.
To get somebody to buy from you once,
Tok, Instagram, Snapchat offering
Tons of different ideas. Now, I want to
Uh but I think this looks good. We'll
Um I'm going to be walking you through
Um, I just think that this is a last
Um, and then we just made it more fun
Um, just to give some life to them. Uh,
Um, see, tried to do a little gradient
Upload this. Clavio has a compressed
Use big buttons.
Valentine's. Um just button up at the
Valentine. You know, you've been nice
Versus if I went up to you and was like,
Very similar to the one right here.
Waiting 30 minutes is typically the
Want to make that time feel smoother. I
Watch out for this in the industry.
Watch out for wearing these materials
We also want to make sure it's cart
We can also click these two and use this
We can have like high potential
We can just do this for email and then
We can see in all these examples there's
We can see right here it has our trigger
We clone it and then it's going to pop
We don't just want to send one or two
We don't want to say continue because
We have a dynamic Clavio block to show
We have nice, clear, and big buttons
We have our community and branded based
We have social proof emails like
We have the offer SMS that we sent and
We have to understand that the modern
We like to have a button up at the top
We make it a little bit more immersive
We want to balance these two. We have
We want to give people options to browse
We want to split things up. And kind of
We want to stay top of mind as they may
We'll use this and make it look super
We're all good. We're going to add in
We're going to have a bridge section,
We're going to have a list right here.
We're going to have a sustainability
We're going to need to find like how to
We're just going to do email. And then
We're using big brands here so that it's
Week event. What is going on here? How
Week. What's going on for Cyber Week? D.
WellCopy, we tackle both copy and design
WellCopy. Email marketing agency. We've
Wellcopy.net/GPT.
What is the idea behind our emails? That
What would happen if I made you a little
What you can do is you can give chat GPT
What's so good about our chocolate bars?
What's super key to know though is that
Whereas sending five to seven times per
Whereas, if you send emails with proper
Whoop right here. Tech brand. If you
Why do we include these ingredients or
Write me an email marketing campaign,
X amount of dollars. You can see the
Yes or no?" They're like, "Yes, I do."
Yes, you can do this segmentation and
You can also do multiple FAQs if you
You can cancel that. Essentially forces
You can just see this is just a line
You can see it's still very high
You can see on this list there are 2300
You can see some pretty cool subject
You can see the checkered throughout.
You can see the click rate as well being
You can see the difference in revenue
You can see the jump in email revenue
You can see the placed order right here
You can see there's kind of like gaps
You can see though that it spit out a
You care about what goes into your body
You could change these buttons and make
You could start off with a rectangle,
You could start off with like our best
You don't need to send this many. The
You got Clavio set up. So this is what
You have 10% off your first order of $30
You quite literally can. And look at all
You should always have at least one
You want to get an idea. This is like
You'd think you want to remove steps for
You're totally fine doing full image
You've had chocolate, you've had peanut
You've had chocolate. You've had peanut
Your product alone is not enough. You
a 10-minute time delay is the best. It
a bit more, but you can see like the
a bit small, but I'll add that later.
a border, a stroke just like that, then
a brief intro. This is a perfect example
a button way up at the top of this
a button way up here right when the
a button, explain your core
a button. We need to make it a little
a chance to check these out? They're
a clear CTA. We want to say shop now or
a client example. You can see the
a couple hundred people a month or a
a couple more minutes kind of like
a couple of examples here. You can see
a designer by any any means. I'm sure a
a desktop one. Make sure that they're
a feastables email for Mr. Beast may
a few different products and then you
a few different reasons. Number one,
a few short sentences. In a product
a flow like the welcome flow, which is
a great example of an email focused on
a great example right here. Hey there, I
a little bit above just like the plain
a little bit across their different
a little bit closer to the brand and
a little bit more engaging emails in
a little bit smoother. But I love this
a little bit smoother. We have the
a little bit. Add the shop by category
a little bit. Okay, so here's what I
a lot of brands have card abandoned set
a lot of image-based text messages, but
a lot of people might not know that he
a lot of work. Rather than separating
a month, I would recommend two times per
a orange button right here. This is how
a peanut butter chocolate feature. We'll
a plus sign right here. And we could
a restock. You can see the performance
a seat at the table. This is a great
a site abandoned email. So this was if
a stroke right here, it'll automatically
a technical genius. Trust me, you can
a test is only going to need to be run
a time delay right here between the
a ton of different stuff because for
a transparent brand who also knows what
a win back flow. If somebody bought 6
a year or so and people are going to be
abandon everything and all future
abandon flow. Again, as a reminder, this
abandon flow. All right. So those are
abandon, we're going to upload and put
abandon. It's our second best performing
abandon. Now let's talk about the browse
abandon. So we can go into the flows
abandoned and the checkout abandoned. We
abandoned as well. If anybody adds to
abandoned cart and abandoned checkout
abandoned cart and abandoned checkout.
abandoned cart reminders. We have two
abandoned checkout flow. If somebody
abandoned checkout. And if we click on
abandoned checkout. For our brand, we
abandoned checkout. So that's what I'm
abandoned checkout. They can be the same
abandoned flow is when somebody adds to
abandoned flow since starting this flow.
abandoned flow, which is when someone is
abandoned flow. Now, again, we're going
abandoned flow. Somebody goes to
abandoned here. Very important that you
abandoned on SMS. It's actually illegal
abandoned properly set up. I keep saying
abandoned site right here. Somebody goes
abandoned, cart abandoned, checkout
abandoned. But look at this cart
abandoned. So, you need to know how to
abandoned. The checkout abandon is
abandoned. These are all going to have
abandoning a cart, then we can fire
abandonment email. address the
abandonment flows like cart and checkout
abandonment flows, since we're going to
abandonment in the call to action right
abandonment types that we're going to be
abandonment we have the abandoned browse
abandonment. You can see the trigger is
abandonments is the browse abandonment
abandons a cart. And then we also have
ability to get somebody to convert off
able to send targeted emails to each one
able to skim through and kind of like
able to then educate them through email
about email design that drives clicks.
about getting an extra 20% off in store.
about how we're verified by 40 patents,
about it. Here's this discount. Show the
about like their ethical sourcing, which
about me, there are my different social
about our copy and design and what's
about the email flows. The email flows
about the frequently asked question or
about the product, I can leave this
about the products and then it links to
about their purchase. And so, here's the
about these bottom sections is treat it
about we're the best. We want to focus
about where we source our ingredients.
about why our brand is different. and
about your product and just make a whole
about, which are the most important, are
about. And then we pretty much just
about. There's no clear buttons for each
above $150. Campaign education tips for
above the fold, which means a button
absolutely crush it. So we can see how
absolutely crushes and it gives us that
absolutely love this graphic. We have
absolutely love, but their emails are
absolutely scared of reading. With Tik
accordingly. People can still close out
account gets banned, they know that with
account set up if you just go to home
account, which allows you to be able to
account. Always have the button and the
account. If you're using Shopify, just
account. So, to create a new form, you
acquisition funnel. This is how it's
acquisition problem. With all these
acquisition revenue from these systems
acquisition tripled which really made
across ads and then also the email list
action in footer. We are all good to
action show how much value this is. So,
action to say shop peanut butter bar and
action up here to be close form. And
action, which is super cool. And
action. They need to be able to see
action. We can split it all the way over
active on our site or even added items
active on the website, but they don't
active subscribers because if we send to
actively run an email and SMS agency and
actually also need to add the added to
actually an older flavor, but really
actually changed and it's kind of like a
actually click checkout. So, if I click
actually create our forms right here. So
actually creating some of our email
actually design emails in real time,
actually doing the AB tests. Should do a
actually find a product that they want
actually finding your testimonials. They
actually for one last little piece, what
actually have a back and stock flow
actually have your sign up. If you have
actually internalize that. That's what
actually just going to insert a frame
actually made this with over 500 docs of
actually matters for getting people to
actually scaling. Now, many brands are
actually this one right here. Abandoned
actually view any products. This is a
actually want it to be the Shopify added
actually what Calvin Klein's email looks
actually writing this copy. So, for this
actually, this still looks a little bit
ad spend. What we have is the welcome
ad traffic going to your website,
add a lot of depth. Maybe if we put this
add a no thanks button down here, we're
add a ton to the email. Oh my goodness,
add in our links right here on top of
add that bold outline around there. So,
add the Claio app. Just like that. Boom.
add this kind of around this section.
added spin to wins. So if you want to do
added that category to cart, or they've
added these lines right here to separate
added this little like cool little
added to cart Shopify trigger loaded up,
added to cart. So, what fires added to
added to cart. They only have it for the
addicted to dopamine and they just
adding an extra step for the customer.
address their exact needs. This also is
address these objections upfront. So
address? It seems counterintuitive, like
addressed. So rather than just letting
addresses from, so that they can send
adds to cart and then they go to the
adjust these to be the same stylings.
adjust this. Just going to mess around
adjusted some of the copy. You can see
ads up 300% from prior levels. The only
ads, you can pay $50, still get those
ads. This all starts with your email
aesthetic. Nowhere on their website do
affirm their purchase, and build some
after talking with Chat GPT, and I think
again is a ton of email designs and you
again on getting them back through ads.
again put in a rectangle. Put in a
again some more education here. Mixing
again, just a simple email with a
again. Or you have to reel them back in
aggressive where you're like, "Finish
aggressive, remove the X in the top
aggressive, we can remove this X in the
alerts, and any urgent updates. We want
all at once in an email. Since this is a
all button. Then they also have a follow
all for me or at least help me create
all good to go. So, we can see right
all of our images wherever they're
all of the links. So I said peanut
all of them. And so this is how I had
all of these in place, I'm not going to
all of these were big announcements with
all or browse more or something like
all other copy because any extra copy
all products on the site. We need to
all set up. It even has these filters.
all set. We're done with this section.
all sorts of other more advanced flows
all the copy in here because there are a
all these other options, but at some
all this BS. Look at how small this
all this sort of stuff you can update.
all we want to do is go to flows right
all year, so treat yourself to a naughty
allows you to pinpoint certain members
already entered my email. I'm so close
already have a base understanding.
already this is looking pretty pretty
also a call out on the discount code up
also book a call with me in the
also educational, giving stuff that the
also for them, they love shopping
also get it later because you have their
also have a product section right here.
also in their emails, they never talk
also mix in some stuff in Figma if you
also something else that not a lot of
also you can use AI for calendar
always do is we're going to start off
always have a footer with buttons right
always keep it as short as possible,
always like to add a logo up above here
always like to end this as well with a
always need a bridge. You kind of just
always recommend that you get this
always so shocked with these big brands
always want to mix in some social proof.
always what I'm doing is I'm going to a
always worry about click rates, and so
amazing. More stuff you don't need.
amazing. Shout out Diana. Amazing email.
amount of people joining your email and
amount of people they can get email
an Audi. And yes, that would probably
an ad, mostly they haven't bought
an email just highlighting an FAQ of
an example. Free steak is back from
an order, we don't want them to receive
an outside pop-up platform that we use
analytics in the signup rate over just
analytics, it'll show you the numbers on
analytics. Once you have numbers coming
and SMS marketing strategy is your list
and SMS marketing. Sit back, relax, make
and after and what it looks like because
and after somebody might have clicked on
and afters, we have Gym Shark, who Gym
and all all the stuff we need to do
and are mapping out exactly how the
and avoid our list unsubscribes. As far
and back in stock, what we do there is
and be like, "Oh, this is a cool brand
and better deliverability. And then we
and brand. And of course, we have
and breathed everything that it takes to
and buy from us. So that's the flow side
and clear. Make sure that they can see
and commitment to ethical sources. We
and conversion optimized designs that
and converting that attention that you
and copy stores. Someone can type in
and create our emails. Drag this one. do
and create them just like we did these
and creates a clear path for the
and crossed it out. You can see with the
and designers when we just kind of write
and desktop. So, in this instance right
and do a little bit better. These are a
and drop our different time delays
and family sale 40% off the whole store,
and forth with chat GPT. And I'm
and four times the amount of people that
and get people to buy at a higher rate
and get some more information. That
and get them to purchase with content
and give them a clear step process right
and go back into this email builder
and harder to convert and there are
and have found to be optimal for our
and have some fun. This is a form that I
and highlighting this offer so that we
and how they're actually giving back and
and if their belly button is an Inie or
and if you want to add a discount, you
and it looks like it's a friend reaching
and it's kind of like a retro background
and it's really hard to read the offer.
and just be friendly and try to make it
and just build out our different emails.
and keep things as fresh as possible. So
and know that wearing black is always in
and like what this email is about
and link people to categories. Some
and more showing the product. So this is
and not have this here and try to have
and our textbased emails. This is the
and over again. They're going to get
and pay a full price." And then the
and phone number at the same time. When
and poor experiences and all the
and preview text. But once we're all
and probably what you're going to go
and products to choose from. They have
and put up on your website. But I've
and remind them of this discount. As far
and sending good content. Then you will
and simple backgrounds because your
and simple, to the point. It kind of
and so do we. Our chug is made with
and so you can steal different
and split by category. We always want to
and the customers are just unable to
and the performance on the pre-order
and the recommended items here. Now,
and the winning strategy that I like to
and then a little sneak peek of what the
and then account alerts right here in
and then also the sales and different
and then also this brand's email list
and then bestseller button at the bottom
and then create it manually. And right
and then did a big back in stock and
and then doing restocks like here, here,
and then featuring our community. So
and then give them some social proof
and then go check out. So, it's getting
and then list some bestsellers right
and then maybe when Black Friday or
and then one that's an abandoned cart
and then plug in some social proof or
and then right here the story behind us
and then some body copy and then a
and then the lip shape to make it flow
and then we have words in the rectangle.
and then we'll probably do like one
and then you can drop in like a text box
and then you can send them your dialed
and there. There's a lot of text right
and they kind of don't find the product
and they need ways to get them out of
and they'll be like, "Hey, only 20 to
and they're driving up our bill. So
and this is for anybody who goes to your
and time. Whereas flows you set live and
and value angles to avoid list fatigue
and we can do our um all of our edits
and we don't need their sale. Just a
and we need to show that. We're just
and what we're doing. But just to show
and what you're putting in there is your
and white shop now. We changed the
and with Zuck in ads, you're at the
and you do a 10% discount with your
and you have like a little bit of the
and you have the discount. If you had
and you've helped make that choice for
another corner radius because it looks
another email for me. Answer B and then
another look. And then giving some more
another order, take this discount,
answer a quick FAQ from the customer.
answer any questions. Reply to this
answer male for this one female. It's
answer questions you may have. It's
answer the how does it work in the
answer the unspoken questions that might
answer these questions to then give back
answering frequently asked questions
any clicks because you're not following
any images that you want, and then for
any products and then you leave. Okay.
anybody who adds to cart isn't receiving
anybody who has bought two times in
anybody who views the product, we can
anymore. You can send them emails for a
anymore. and there are thousands of
anything else you want. Have you ever
anything for you. Their team's awesome.
anything like that that proves how
anything like that too much or any of
anything like that. We want to make sure
anything you want inside of Clavio like
anything. So I went back to their
anything. The truth is, in 2026 and
anytime somebody enters this segment. We
anytime your sale is ending, you want to
apart by clearly stating how we're
app just inside of Shopify. It is going
appealed by these emails at all. But we
appealed. They need newness. If you
appealing to our customers are one in
applying the branding, putting in the
approach to get you consistent revenue,
approach, this works really, really
are 1 to two days apart as well. We only
are actually campaigns that were sent to
are banger ideas. One is we can use MILD
are bringing in different amounts of
are buying our vibes. We want to focus
are buying typically first? You can test
are created equal. Polyester and cotton
are doing it wrong. They're using
are going over. So, why is this
are going to be personal emails that
are going to do is we're going to follow
are going to get you the most bang for
are going to unsubscribe from text
are incredibly low. So you can literally
are interested in you, you can get more
are like bad exes. And so kind of just
are losing revenue just by not making
are the correct filters that we want.
are the sort of emails that come from
are the testimonials. So, you can see
are writing copy, you must be thinking
are you expecting a baby?" Now, this is
are. You can get a ton of inspiration by
aren't even going to read our form.
aren't giving them new, then what's the
aren't going to get learning from other
aren't opening our emails. And if you
aren't ready to buy right now. We're
aren't working for you, just look up a
around all these frames. And then what
around here. So, if we go to styles, we
around your website and try to think of
around, use some stuff in Clavio and
around. OMG, yay. So many cool brands
around. That brings us to number two,
artist copy, great artist steel. Steve
as a friends and family bonus. Take an
as customers are just visiting your
as images inside of Clavia. This is
as little as possible. The more text we
as much as you can. Now we can use AI to
as simple as possible. Nothing crazy. We
as spam. We don't want to send any
as the content that we're doing, this is
as the email template, we want to have a
as we went over in that template. But
as well with a textbased support email.
as well. And so if we I'm just going to
as well. Founder image branded summary
as well. The customer can see exactly
as what this specific product is and
as you're building out this strategy
as you're designing emails or as you're
ask you similar sort of questions and
asked Chat GBT to help me come up with a
asked questions or ingredient education.
asking for somebody's first name and
at 4 seconds. And then right here after
at full price." And to get even more
at like a coffee shop with a friend. And
at my agency. We've done over $100
at once using these following
at the bottom. Boom. Perfect.
at the bottom. Make sure you take time
at the brand and think of what the
at the buyers they have." And then also
at the customer and then give them a
at the end and how we overcome this
at the top. Here's another example right
at the top. Make it immersive over this
at these examples you can see them here.
at this pop-up and then they're
attached a swipe file here of 84 high
attention, you can nurture the trust and
attributed revenue in the past 12
auction, making ads cost a lot more. So,
automated emails, you have reviews if
automatically closing it out. What's in
average ROI of 41x. Mastering email
average four to seven times per week.
average of 65% of this store's total
average order value was $1,000. What
average order value, the revenue per
average to now we're converting 16.9% of
avoids a lot of the AB tests and having
away with the bridge section. You can
away." Test doing those more browse
awesome you have your discount just give
awkward. But something I've seen brands
awkward. So I'm going to put this on a
back anatomy 101, highlighting, giving
back and forth and development over the
back and forth for a little bit, I've
back guarantee if you aren't satisfied
back. You're paying all this money on ad
backend the number one most important
background as before. And then I just
background change right here in this
background design a little bit more. And
background in there, like something like
background photo shoot, and she's on
background right here. This grainy
background so it's very familiar to them
background. Add in the stroke that we
background. And so, what we can do is
background. And then what this is going
background. And then you can see the
background. But if you want to see me
background. You don't need to go too
backgrounds. And right here, we already
bad examples. Hopefully, that helped you
bad. Now, let's get our chocolate
bar, that should perform really well.
bare. So, let me get a couple of clouds.
based email. This is a great graphic
based email. We're going to break down
based emails absolutely crush it and you
based emails to keep the list engaged
based emails. But you'll see right here,
based off of the templates that Claio
based on people who have viewed a
based on requirements that you set. It
based. So this is going to be the
basic things versus more aggressive. You
bat, the most common question I get is,
batter new product right here. And look,
be a little bit bigger and then remove
be a lot simpler and hopefully a lot
be adapted to put in the welcome flow
be after somebody clicks. I know people
be at six to eight. We just need to look
be better. As far as the content, we're
be boring. Neither were you. You can see
be checking out competitors over the
be eating into our ecom margins. We have
be harder to execute if you don't know
be how is this form actually firing. So
be in the description for you. And then
be kind of like where the customer
be like we're genuinely helping them out
be mostly non-promotional. We don't just
be sending four emails for each of them.
be showing shortly. And then we have the
be submit form just like the other. Add
be super picky. And then we just want to
be the graphic one which you can design
be there for 5 to 10 seconds. So, we
be this first one, which is literally
be this. And then it'll dynamically take
be upset. These are set. You're good. So
be when somebody bought 90 days ago, but
be worrying about. And if you're
be your signup forms. So exactly how you
beach sort of vibe right here, which I
because checkout started is farther down
because every brand is different. Some
because if we they got to the bottom
because it may not convert. Having a
because that distracts the customer
because that's going to be super large
because that's going to overwhelm the
because that's not what the email is
because the goal of every single email
because there are over 1,000 new Shopify
because there aren't individual shop now
because they don't know really like if
because they offer a free trial. You can
because they're clogging up our account
because they've so much life with their
because this will impact list growth and
because we always have a lot of new
because we can risk more unsubscribes
because we're sending email campaigns
because we're very tight with who we're
been engaging and we're already going to
before we ask for somebody's email
before. Customer just hasn't seen these
before. This is how our copy process
before. Uh, Eternal Blackness never felt
behavior right here, which is going to
behind it, make it look even more
behind the brand. Put a face to the name
behind what you do that people can rally
behind. After that first initial email,
being around $200,000 to $300,000 per
being like we're not like other
believe it or not, a lot of these big
believe that the number one most
below to get yours. And then something
benefit features. So, pick one benefit
benefit is. A message from our founder.
benefits of ours in one email, the
benefits with little icons to help like
benefits. Whereas, if we just focus on
besides Claio. I'm not paid to say this
best platform for email design. Has way
best seller for supplement brand and
best sellers like right here and it'll
best, but it really does vary. And I've
bests sellers. So this is what the flow
bestseller email may be a good choice.
bestselling product feature. And then a
better because it's easier for the
better emails because they're such a fun
better than just giving a simple
better, then just go with that one and
better, we need to make sure we're
better, which is super simple. And then
better. For others, a 2h hour, for some,
better. Let's only send textbased
between emails, but every once in a
beyond, you cannot profitably scale a
big and then under it it says that
big button right here. I like how they
big events and no nurture, setting up
big fan of peanut butter, so I kind of
bigger the button, the higher the
biggest impact, which is going to be the
bit and they've just copied your store
bit bigger. We need to have it higher up
bit bigger? Okay, I like that. And then
bit of a social proof appeal. I found
bit of copy. It's for those who refuse
bit of dopamine in your head. Then of
bit smaller so it's a little bit
bit taller. Change the minimum height to
bit, I would probably try to make this
blackness never felt so so soft. Added a
block. And then putting in some social
block. Our final product became
blocks. So, I'm just going to delete
blog is like and then give a little bit
blue. These are the sort of the emails
blur about the support team. So, this is
body copy slightly longer. So, let's see
bold logo tea. Layer on a denim jacket.
bold, added a fill, and then actually
bolded points. This email can be skimmed
bonus savings in store um as well. Just
boom, that is what I'm talking about.
boom, we kind of have this effect where
border and we need this girl to go in
border right down here. And we need to
border right here. So, if we wanted to
bored. They're not getting dopamine from
both optimized for the device. But with
bottom and be like, you know what, maybe
bottom section right here. How I think
bottom. And all that we have to do is
bottom. It's going to overwhelm. Let's
bought a top from Lululemon. Shop by
bounced in the past 10 days. All sorts
box here, which you can adjust to
boxes. So I think I might just copy this
brain, I'm going to have it write
brand and I love them. So, this is the
brand and I'll help you out. So, now
brand and it's kind of just fun for
brand if you don't have cheaper forms of
brand in the briefest way possible while
brand information and FAQs that might
brand is going to get you sales. So, as
brand like this, what products do our
brand message campaign, this is okay to
brand mission statement. And don't
brand story, founder messages. We have
brand that we use is quite different and
brand was improve their pop-up form.
brand, book a free discovery
brand, take 10% off your order with
brand. And again, this is another
brand. And even if they don't open the
brand. And so we want to make sure that
brand. And then boom, you can see the
brand. And these email campaigns are
brand. It Birkenstock is just stuck in
brand. Three ingredients. Pure bliss.
brand? Give me two to three sentences.
brand? So, what we're doing is we are
branded content emails, and then one
branding font.
branding just for saving time, but boom,
brands can't replicate. We can see here
brands crushing from email. They're
brands do, is you can actually have move
brands don't know this and so they send
brands don't know what they're doing
brands fall off after this bull rush in
brands just throwing their profits away
brands launching every single week and
brands popping up every single day and
brands right now are either sending too
brands showing up, there is so much more
brands that I'm following right here if
brands that are going to win in 2026 do
brands that could survive were ones that
brands who are smaller, they're
brands with 2 to 3% click rates
brands with the deep loyalty are the
brands, these are the ones that I'm
brands, we need a little bit less words
brands. However, you are limited on some
brands? and just giving three reasons
break up our copy. We need to add line
breakdown different products. So pretty
breaking down email design and how to
breaks down, you will spend 92 days or
breaks. We need to use bolding and
bridge section and then a product
bridge section which is completely fine
bridge section will take up a little bit
bridge section, and then the product
bridge, the different visuals. You can
brief peanut butter chocolate feature.
brief product information on the bottom.
brief. Now, let's go to the idea behind
brings up the first question of how many
brings up the last one, which is similar
brown background here. All I did was I
browse abandon right here. You can just
browse abandoned, cart abandoned, and
browsed item. So, we have five emails
browsing experience easier. Our next
buds will thank you. And then shop
buds will thank you. Copy and paste you.
build a strong strategy that gets people
build enough trust to get people to
build goodwill. Number five, nobody can
build our own. So, we go to build our
builder looks like right here. What we
builder looks like. You can insert
built from the ground up. We can see the
built up with all the education that you
bullet points that we are supposed to be
bumper. I'm rating it a perfect five out
bun wave at the top of the email. You
bunch of like fun elements in your email
burning cash. The customers are just
burning out their list. And even worse,
business class or whatever. And then
busy. I get it. In case it was a
but I also like this. So, I'm going to
but essentially these have no images.
but focusing a little bit more on why
but it's very important. No one's just
but made it black. And then we have this
but most people are just going to leave.
but the bigger your brand gets, the
but the strategy is kind of like in a
but they don't view any products. This
but this will apply for any email
but to keep things simple, we can have
but you get an extra 20% off if you buy
but you just go in and you can see we
butter chocolate feature email and then
butter that slaps. And then for body
butter, but never like this. This is
butter, but never like this. This isn't
butter, chocolate, goatated. This bar
butter. And this is the only one that
button at the top of the email. We like
button below that says no thanks. Or if
button is a little bit too small
button is down here and it just says
button is way too low. It's too small of
button right up at the top of the email
button says hell yes. I think that's
button side as well is large thumb
button up at the top of the email. You
button with the discount way up at the
button's super small. Want to make our
button's too small. So, what do we do?
button, and then men's denim here.
button. And I think this is the most
button. And then I'm just going to go
button. Maybe the person doesn't want
button. Then on this button, we want the
buttons a lot bigger. Um, you can see
buttons for this section, but I just
buttons in the footer in case somebody
buttons in the footer. Perfect. Here's a
buttons in the footer. Super simple. You
buttons just like this. This is what we
buttons pretty big. The bigger the
buttons should be the most obvious thing
buttons, and then women's denim, men's
buttons, which we need to have. And this
buttons. Make this a little bit cleaner.
buttons. We definitely want to do that.
buy and others they just want to see how
buy from faceless corporations.
buy our stuff. No, good content. We want
buy right now, we want to prime our
buy, at least you get the email captured
buy. Something like best sellers or
buy. That's why we want our filler
buyer. Then mixing in some social proof
buying from you because there are new
buying the first time they visit your
buying. They just need a little ump. A
by even 2%, that means more people into
by just changing the background of the
by sending them more ads and more ads,
by showing the proof from real customers
by step. Starting off with welcome email
by that with a 30-day complete money
by the different category and then
by. And so, what we can do is we can
calculated and I've spent over 100 hours
calendar. Use this yourself and use the
calendar? These are four resources that
calendars, come up with email ideas and
call out the day, especially if it's
call to action. And then our footer.
call to actions. Go just like this. I'm
campaign March favorites science behind
campaign calendar and then create me a
campaign that absolutely crushes it, say
campaign. We could say restock. We can
campaigns around micro topics, not
campaigns per month, sending out that
campaigns per month, solely focused on
campaigns to a week? Would you rather
campaigns, just these five right here,
campaigns, then this win back flow is
campaigns, which are the onetime emails
campaigns. And so with campaigns, once
campaigns. If you're not sending email
can Okay, my camera just died. I'm
can actually delete this if you want.
can add. So, if I want to add another
can adjust and create your emails. Put
can adjust the popup such as the size of
can choose what pages you want it to
can create a high-converting email when
can create flow. Enclavio actually has a
can do it as well. You don't need to be
can do that here. Pushing people to
can do that. But I'm just going to do
can do this for you. The link is going
can do to you cuz you have a lot of
can do. You can also have multiple steps
can edit text right inside of Clavio,
can execute a free guide funnel, but I
can go and store." So, I'm just going to
can go in here and type up some
can go kind of like maybe to 100k a
can have a little bit more fun. But, I'm
can have a shop woman and a shop men
can have like different logic on the
can implement. Now, the next flow we
can link people to the bestseller
can literally just copy any one of
can make their pick. Just have a hero
can mix and match your favorites. And so
can prompt them with something like
can see a common theme here with all
can see everything kind of summed up for
can see how immersive this is right
can see just how much the call to action
can see right here, browse abandoned. If
can see some categories right here. This
can see that the trigger is checkout
can see the copy right here. Everything
can see the education on the brand and
can see the performance right here on
can see the sender name is from a
can see the trigger is checkout started,
can see this gift. We flip through the
can see this is a great non-discount
can see using those templates how this
can see viewed product. And they already
can see what the SMS results look like.
can send targeted campaigns to, which is
can send to the whole list. Next, this
can slice up the rest of the email and
can suppress them and save money on our
can suppress these people who haven't
can switch by email type. But these are
can test using emojis or not using
can then send them custom information
can use a little subtext if you need to,
can use graphs or if you have
can work great, and we do that for a lot
can't build a strategy if we don't know
can't get them with a couple reminders,
can't just make them one email. And then
can't just send the same stuff or the
can. And then abandoned cart and
candy, highlighting the no corn syrup,
cannabis without judgment. So a brief
capture the sale. So, if you don't nail
carriers in an us versus them section.
cart abandon, browse abandoned, if
cart abandoned and the checkout
cart abandoned flow first. I'm going to
cart but they don't purchase. The
cart is if I actually click this right
cart or checkout, and then leave. The
cart reminder and standard. I know it's
cart right here and make it added to
cart zero times. and we're going to say
cart, and they don't go to checkout.
cart, we don't want to have them. And
cart. Again, edit it the same way.
cart. So we want to make sure that
cartel shine harder than other jewelry
case. So this is going to be the list
cases that you want to use. These are
cases. Especially in our hero sections
cash and it was easy to just throw up
cash back versus 21% off. You can see
catch the customer at wherever their
category buttons at the bottom. Same
category buttons in the footer. Then
category woman. Eh, maybe I could go for
category, accessories, and memberships.
category. And then you can have a list
category. Somebody has viewed an item
cents to a month um to give that
challenge. No, they're skimming the
chance discount email. We need to have
chance email as well. So this is
chance email that we want to make sure
chance is right here, which is literally
chance to nail that first impression. If
chance uh email. Um, this is a last
chance. And so we'd have a discount
chance. And so what we wanted to do is
chance. And then, of course, footer
chance." Super subtle. Reminded the
change the background to be clear as
change this to 1 day. So, boom. Here's
change this to be capital letters as
change, but it can have a big impact on
changed and most brands just haven't
changed over time we need to understand
changed the headline dress to kill. We
changing the copy to be along the lines
channel on email design with Figma. It's
channel which goes over the whole
channels. So, let's see what I can do
character over to 251 characters, the
characteristics that you provide. For
charts to showing like us versus them or
chat GBT which I've trained on how to
cheapest marketing channel that you're
cheapest way to get traffic from people
check marks. Not as high converting
check out other things and then remind
checking out our best sellers or if you
checklist for August, National Family
checklist of the product information.
checklist on how to design emails that
checklist, but listing out numbers.
checklists right here, which are
checkout
checkout abandon where we're just
checkout abandon. Almost the exact same,
checkout abandoned email flows. To just
checkout abandoned flow is when somebody
checkout abandoned flow, which is going
checkout abandoned right over here. Then
checkout abandoned. If you click in, you
checkout abandoned. Most brands that I
checkout and abandoned cart are
checkout and then leaves. We're going to
checkout page to enter their credit card
checkout right here, we're taken into
checkout started. Most brands have a
checkout, but if you're short on time,
checkout, we had a 30 minute time delay
checkout. And right here is what fires
checkout. So, I'm going to label this as
checks and easy sales. People just had
chocolate companies who take advantage
chocolate for you. Warning, addictively
chocolate in a combo that hits every
chocolate. It kind of seems like this is
chocolate. So I want to say I want to
chocolate. So for a button, we can just
choose some of your best sellers to show
choose these ingredients? We could talk
choosing all my settings, email, subject
claim offer then have a direct link in
classic is just the typical sort of
clean um and a lot more immersive for
clean, and easy to follow as possible.
clean. Gifting made easy. Um, you're
cleaner. Maybe a little bit more bold.
clear and concise. We want to focus on
clear and people are forced to say,
clear repeating CTAs. We don't just want
clear. And then you'll be good to move
clearly. So, I think that's probably
clearly. Then of course reminding of the
click D, which is create me an email
click and there's a clear value
click and they're not going to engage.
click and you don't hand them the
click on the product they want. And then
click plus. We can add kind of like a
click that button and be like, "No, I
click that image to then go shop that
click that's super super important. Make
click this button. That's what we want.
click this it's going to be female. So
click this link and then upload it for
click this link to confirm your
click. And this is the most like amount
clicking onto this and then selecting a
clicks, people bounce, you don't have
clicks. And then number two on the
clip. There's a paper tear down here,
cllayo.com and all you have to do is
close form button. Instead of having
clouds. I think that this would be super
code and maybe just like a brief intro
code right up at the top and then a
code. So you should be sending three to
collection. So you're this is this is
color as well. We're going to add
color right here so that it's the color
color, and the LGBTQ plus community,
color, we can use this tool here to find
color. So it's the same. And then we're
color. We're going to copy this same
colorfinder. We're gonna insert this
colors. It's going to mess up your
combining the customer support tone with
come back and finish your order. Our
come back and you lose that and you
come back as we write the copy. So, now
come in with the correct dynamic
come up. So we can see our lists and
coming from a person right here. There's
coming in. What are our lessons? Number
coming out to a total of $500,000. So,
coming up. So, I like the circling it
coming with the gifting with our limited
command on my keyboard and go like this,
commit is usually next and then just
commit, which is an added step for the
commit. So we can just say, do you want
commitment bias, which is how humans
common objection. And then it goes to if
communities in Africa. So, this is
community because they're like, "Ah,
community or branded content like a
community. We have two emails set in
compared to email. But SMS flows are
comparing festivals versus traditional
competition. Everybody's fighting for
competitive in meta will keep getting
competitor. We need to make sure we're
competitors. But there are a few high
competitors. So, even when they click
competitors. So, we just want to lay
complete their purchase. Again, we can
completely f this up by either not
completely necessary for your welcome
completely stagnant. It's just a flat
complicated. One of these is going to be
concerned about any other segments, you
concerned about not sending enough. Some
concerned about sending too much, but it
conditional split right here. And what
confusion, build our trust, and make
confusion. This gives copy more control
connect, learn, and explore conscious
connected for you, but you have to make
connected to our pop-up form. Use
connection. We want to give them that
consistent revenue. I wouldn't recommend
consistently outperform free guides. You
consistently, but they're still
consult with one of my designers on hand
consultation call and we'll see if we
content based on where they're at in the
content is loading and what exactly it
content pillars that we want to send
content such as our templates, images,
content, but different triggers.
content, which is going to add our
content. And you can actually see by
continue. Whatever audience we want. Say
continue. When I see that, I know,
contribute to 16% of store revenue in
contributing to 16% of the total store
contributing to another 35 to 40% of
convenient. Yeah. And just to show you
conversion rates and everything, the
conversion rates here, which is going to
conversion rates on the left side. And
conversions, is we need to be using
conversions. And then we want to have
convert at a high rate from. So, we can
convert so well because they add a
convert the best. And then the micro
convert. And it's not just going to be
convert. And so this is kind of like the
convert. So I have this Clavio account
converting design is. That's a fancy way
converting design. Um, and so we have a
converting email design is. Um, and so
converting email design. That is what
converting emails backed by me $100
converting emails, and even I'll be
converting pop-up form to bring in 5,000
converting. Now, we have the CAC
converting. Then, I've just linked to
converting. this is what we want. And
converts better. Email two, we like to
cool and like little rainbows. So, I'm
cool ideas here. So I think in this case
cool process or behind the scenes
cool visual of the chocolate bar. Cool
cool visual with the chocolate bar.
cool. And so, for the headline, what do
cool. I like it. It's different. You
copy all completed for both of these.
copy and I bet you didn't even realize
copy and brand. Let's add that to
copy and make use of these infographics
copy and paste and put in our body copy
copy and paste put the text right here.
copy in 2025 and 2026. Instead, we need
copy in table format like this. Instead,
copy in with just like some estimates on
copy that it spits out, then we can add
copy that you should be judging your
copy with is SCE. Skimable is going to
copy, we had this little blurb up here,
copy. And then we like to write and map
copy. Just that. That's perfect. And if
copy. So doing something instead of
copy. So, I just put in a text box. Went
copying what everyone else is doing, and
corner by changing the actual like the
corner. So, we want to remove that and
corporate corporate vibe. So, again,
corporations and brands out there,
correct sort of variables that you need
correctly. That's going to be this one
cost per acquisition and then increasing
could be a bestseller email. We could do
could be an objection where people are
could be done for an example brand right
could be the thought process of a
could be what something looks like lost
could create an engaged 60 days list
could do is you could send one to two
could fit in? This isn't your average
could go in, grab images of like the
could just create plain emails just
could just have flows with that. And
could say something like restock new
could say something like, "I'd rather
could see right here, clear offer right
could start from scratch just like this
could use this to replace that first
could, if I would improve this a little
countdown right here. Just reminding of
countdown timer for this brand right
counterintuitive that adding an extra
couple brands in the past where we were
couple good uh bridge sections here as
couple things a little bit different
couple thousand people, it may take some
couple ways that we can do this.
course, finish with shop all tops. Then
course, test, test, test test test. Our
course, tie in your product. So we can
crazy here, but I'll give you the
crazy. These can be built right inside
creamy inside. And then some good
creamy peanut butter meets organic milk
create a Father's Day email highlighting
create a flow template inside of Clavio
create form, it is just going to upload
create gender right here and then enter
create like an us versus them feel with
create our forms. So I'd want to go over
create our segments, the different parts
create targeted emails to send based on
create the segment, then it's going to
create your emails. So, that is our
create. can name this test YouTube. You
created Rare Beauty because I wanted a
creation of forms on both of them. So
creation. I have another resource for
credibility and then also our connection
currency because years of online scams
currently have live in the account and
custom emails for the customer and give
customer a hint of dopamine. This email
customer and they don't read any of the
customer and you probably need to
customer based on an action that they
customer can learn from and giving them
customer closer to you. You can see
customer doesn't know that they can
customer doesn't need a scroll, which
customer experience if you have
customer favorites right here. You can
customer goodwill. If you're sending the
customer is a zombie. They're doom
customer is going to get overwhelmed and
customer is thinking about. And then
customer journey, which increases the
customer just kind of forgets about you
customer knows that they can click that
customer may be thinking and what do we
customer opens their email they can
customer right here within the body.
customer skeptical. They want to know
customer testimonials, media features,
customer to answer a question or quiz
customer to click. So we want to make
customer to purchase. It also shows you
customer views this email, they go
customer where first we ask them, "Hey,
customer which is great and then they
customer's attention span has shrunk
customer's mind. Your email welcome flow
customer. And then mentioning subtly,
customer. Just pick a few of the main
customer. They feel like it's custom to
customer. We don't want to do that. This
customer. bolded headlines right here
customers are bouncing between five to
customers are going to unsubscribe. So,
customers are overwhelmed with all the
customers love? Feature the two bests
customers need to see products in
customers there and then also featured
customers visually. And these are also
customers who are on the fence. Look at
cut the background. I'm holding down
cuz I like how it looks. And so I'm
cuz our email is 600 in width. We want
cuz then they would get the browse
cuz they're going to do the selling for
dark mode in the email. Um, which
dark mode. With Clavio or Intex HTML
dark. We're going to make this dark
dashboards and metrics that Clavio has
data on if my customer was a male or a
day. And then boom, we could just turn
days and then doing a check out our
days or they've bounced email at least
days, $212,000 contributing to 33% of
days, then you're going to have a
days. This is literally all that you
dead simple. Just like here's 10% off.
deal deliciousness. Perfect. Love that.
decision might be, the higher chance we
decision that takes time to decide? And
decision. Either way, the more
decrease our unsubscribe rates. We're
delays in between emails. Maybe you need
delete this because we have another
deliver that because your frame is
deliverability, increase your inbox
delivery versus others. And then some
demographic. Um, and so I love this. And
denim and then men's denim um right
denim, but you'll see this background. I
denim, show the products like this, and
denim, then women's denim is we need to
denim." And then boom, that's an email
depends on your store and how often
depth. Just kind of reminding them about
describing and the products and all the
description if you're an e-commerce
description so that you can have this
description with all the links that you
deserve a second look. Grab your new
design and how these flow and work
design emails inside of Figma. It's the
design here. All righty. So, we have the
design it, then you slice the email into
design needed. You know what? If you
design tool for graphic design. And all
design with like the peanut butter.
design. And then also utilizing our
design. Let's make it high converting
design. Um this is like an example of
designers. You can see this is like what
designing this email. So, let's put in a
designing. I'm going to start with the
designs may not convert as much right
dialed, you get $50 with your ad spend,
dictionary. I think that that's great.
did for abandoned cart right here.
did was we hyped things with a pre-order
did you know that our product with
did. We're sending four to six SMS per
difference in the long run because
differences in the image quality is
differences. Okay, so I have here just a
different Father's Day gifts. Do a thank
different and a little bit of social
different and it's going to depend on
different benefits. We have one feature
different boxes right here and add it in
different buttons, which I think is
different campaign ideas that you can
different colors here, which we like to
different content pillars. For example,
different customer websites, adding a
different dimensions of different parts
different drop shippers out there who
different for every brand. All of these
different for everybody. The third
different forms. They actually just
different founders right here and then
different hero sections result in double
different ideas that I could create.
different imagery right here. Make it
different images. You can see how
different layout. It just it just flows
different line. Your taste buds will
different offer can be the difference in
different outcome just by having the
different outfits that you can
different parts of the email, making
different recommendations here. and then
different sections. Most good emails are
different sizes, so it's a little bit
different steps up here. So, we have the
different things however you want. You
different things like you can change the
different things right here. This is
different things, but I suggest starting
different uh call to actions down at the
different users in their uh, inbox, they
different variations of those. And then
different variations. So you can see the
different ways for you to segment
different ways that we can
different. Because the elephant in the
different. So that's why we use these
different. So we have tariffs increasing
different. You can't just copy someone
differentiators, whether that's your
differentiators. This is like a clean us
differently that have allowed them to
difficult to see like this, what we can
digestible for the customer. If we
dilutes the power of your messaging.
dimensions and everything when you lay
direction. So, that's like on the copy
direction. You can literally see how the
directly address these builds our trust
directly. We just want to have a bridge
discount and by closing out they lose
discount and don't try to get too too
discount and educate them on the brand
discount and if they deny it, they don't
discount and so they opt in at a much
discount as well if you want to include
discount code again. and then boom, shop
discount code and they're here to leave.
discount code is. If I am receiving this
discount code throughout the whole
discount code up at the top of the email
discount code, a button, and then maybe
discount code, and then immediately
discount code, make it personal from
discount code. Much love. Super
discount expires or product sells out.
discount here because this brand is
discount is disappearing. And then I
discount opener, dynamic claio block,
discount's expiring." The side abandoned
discount, and so they're much likely to
discount. 10% 20%, those are fine. And I
discount. And that plays into it even
discount. And then there's shop by
discount. And then we can wait however
discount. Here's another one for
discount. Here's the discount code.
discount. If your average order is $500
discount. Literally two times more
discount. Maybe they still want to shop
discount. Perfect execution right here.
discount. So maybe just give a quick
discount. So, I recommend just use a
discount. Then another one right here,
discount. These are perfect. That's the
discount. This is a super high leverage
discount. Try to get somebody over the
discount. We tested dollar off and
discounts. We're giving them value and
display. You can change the targeting if
distracting. There's so much going on.
distractions. Buttons are clear and easy
do a clean side-by-side infographic
do a textbased personal reminder. So,
do a workound here. So, all that you
do all devices as well. This is all
do every now and again. But most often,
do for our uh for our um brands that
do forgetting something and then preview
do here is create an acquisition moat.
do here is this is a high intent person.
do is go through those steps. It's going
do is if you don't have these overlap
do is if you go to fill down here, we
do is now I'm going to call in chat GPT
do just half of this cuz I think you
do somebody has opened email at least
do that. And if we just go in and
do that. But I think we might run out of
do that. How to use your product. That
do though is start it off here on the
do what we want. So for this next
do you not catch this? I'm I'm I'm
do you want 10% off?" And there's just a
do. Fastables impact stats. So I'm going
do. I think for the background, I want
do. Maybe once we get to designing, we
do. So my favorite is doing the quiz. As
doc in the description, but very similar
does an amazing job of being fun, but
does it taste like? You can see it's
does this work? again have some
doesn't have an impact on click rates.
doesn't like automated revenue? So,
doesn't look compelling. It says 5% off,
doesn't matter your list size. We need
doesn't need to scroll. It's right at
doing a gifting email, for her and then
doing a photo gallery before a final
doing community in our pieces, what's
doing in their emails. Um, it just kind
doing is uploading our email as image
doing is we're filling in with
doing one promotion every single month.
doing that. And of course whenever we
doing this. Trust me, I've tested this.
dollar off was the winner. And that's
don't always need to do that. You can
don't grow in the gym. So, you can see
don't have any templates inside of
don't have it for added to cart. So, we
don't have stimulus checks of 2020
don't have to send expensive ads
don't have to use the same sort of
don't have to worry about any outside
don't have. This is bringing in an extra
don't like how abrupt it is right here.
don't like to do that because in light
don't like what they see. Keep it super
don't need to change any of the content
don't need to go too crazy. And then
don't pay until after like the first
don't purchase. They just get up and
don't rely on discounts. So, we can see
don't see a lot of brands doing this.
don't want all this stuff that they have
don't want that. Um, and then it's just
don't want this discount." And then it
don't want to ask for somebody's email
don't want to be nurtured on SMS. Text
don't want to be too pushy with this
don't want to receive our emails. We
don't want to receive this brand's
don't want to send emails to people who
don't want to wait too long. We want to
done that. You can see all these other
done. And you can have email systems
done. I'm going to have to enter my
dopamine. They need to be visually
dot dot dot. And that could be the
down at the bottom talking about like
down here, but kind of was working fast
down here, transitioning from the white
down that one product. What makes it
down the exact strategies and email
down. I need to cut off this these
drag in these images right here. Upload
drastically in the last few years.
dude and his jock right when you open up
duper simple and they're just really
duplicate our time delays and add in the
duplicate this over, drag it in, and
dynamic link, which will take somebody
dynamic section. And then also show
dynamic. They can change at any second
e-commerce brand accounts just like how
e-commerce brands and that has generated
e-commerce brands are maximizing the
e-commerce brands, I have lived, seen,
e-commerce brands. I'm going to assume
e-commerce carts are abandoned. And
e-commerce list. These campaigns should
each category, the individual buttons.
each getting sent to 50,000 people? The
each one. I'll break these down, but
earlier, but I wanted to have another
earlier. We also have really good emails
ease of shopping. Shop men and women
easier so that we can convert these
easily comprehend. It's all about
easy for the customer to click and go to
easy for the customer to understand. Uh
easy for you to understand and easy for
easy, and simple welcome flow that you
ecom landscape will continue to get more
edge to purchase. They are so close to
edit based on their templates. Or we
edit the size of this however you want
edit the text. Yes, please. And then to
edition gift bags. Just featuring that.
editor. And it's definitely, you can
edits. I think this is clean. It's a
educate a little bit on our brand
educate them a ton on your product. So,
educating on the brand. So if you look
education, research studies, before
education. So, it's just relevant
educational angles in our campaigns and
educational copy right here. Nice and
educational email saying not all scrubs
educational emails sent between your
educational emails. So, what are they?
effective. Something to note about this
effectiveness over time as the customer
effort for them to click this, go to
eight emails, which is kind of a lot.
either get that sale today or you can
element right here. And then to go with
elements all throughout the email which
else to be the same. So, we would
else's. needs to be a little bit
else. We then follow that up with just a
email address. And the person thinks,
email addresses that you've collected.
email after that. Clavio has a template
email and SMS. It's actually with your
email and designing it. We can go to
email and we'll respond ASAP. Make sure
email and you can send them emails for
email are opening these emails. People
email campaigns per week. If you think
email campaigns should you send? Now,
email flows side of things. Now, let's
email for 10% off." versus the bottom
email for Mr. Beast. Uh, feastables
email four, just a textbased sort of
email here just like this. We go into
email ideas listed below in the next
email if you have any questions. By the
email in the past 90 days, someone who
email is look at how this flows. See, we
email library right here if we wanted to
email like what's inside our product.
email list and they're a warm audience,
email list, more revenue. So, make sure
email list, which just proves that click
email list. So you are kind of playing
email looks with like all of the
email marketing bill because we're
email marketing calendars. So this
email marketing is cheap. It is the
email marketing is the number one option
email marketing trainings and tons of
email marketing? And it all starts with
email one. And then we have this one
email one. We have the subject line,
email opt-in and then SMS right here if
email optin and the SMS. I'm just going
email or send it right here. And it's
email right off the bat. Thanks for
email sections and make these higher
email sending provider already and
email sending provider sections. We
email should look like to avoid any
email subscribers. And to prove this is
email talking about that one thing
email template hero section that answers
email that just says forgetting
email that we're showing that that we
email that you can do. Put a testimonial
email to the background color of like
email welcome fluff, but most of them
email zero times and they've clicked
email zero times. People who have
email, I can slop this in right here and
email, I want to make sure that we have
email, I'm you people aren't reading
email, and then Gmail will look at that
email, and then shop by collection for
email, build trust, and convert them now
email, but they don't purchase. What we
email, they have a steady baseline of
email, we're probably going to keep it
email, which is easy for the customer to
email. And actually, a lot of people
email. And if you don't hand them a
email. And the customer needs to be
email. And then after that, we say,
email. But no, we have a couple
email. If we look at this other example
email. Like I said earlier, when you
email. Perfect. We're going to have a
email. This is going to be how we get
email. We have to be very very
email. We just want to give them the
email. Whereas for Calvin Klein, I want
emailified. So, same situation. We are
emails and eventually convert down the
emails and seeing the graphic design.
emails and styles that you like. Now
emails and text messages and create a
emails and we're getting 70% opens, we
emails because if we have boring emails,
emails do a textbased email. These just
emails for Mr. Beast and then also for
emails for. We have educational emails,
emails here. And then we have the sunset
emails into Clavio so that we can send
emails just like we did for abandoned
emails play into that. The goal is to
emails right inside of Claio or whatever
emails that are going to fire for a
emails that look like they're coming
emails to actually convert." Most ecom
emails to our engaged segments which
emails to these people and we should be
emails to. So segments are very similar
emails, Gmail thinks, "Oh, these people
emails, but you can. We do over $10
emails, the recognition of seeing your
emails, these convert like crazy. And
emails, we need to make sure we have
emails, which I'm going to give you a
emails, which we see in my inbox, are
emails, you could see welcome to this
emails. And then we have the site
emails. And then you could use the 100
emails. But we noticed that they lose
emails. Cuz people need education and
emails. People need time to convert.
emails. So I recommend you check those
emails. So right here we can see the
emails. So, we have a ton of examples.
emails. These are insights and stuff
emails. They're sending spam content, so
emails. We need to send three to six SMS
emails. We send to our whole list and
emails. We want to make sure we have
emails. You could change these to kind
emails. product or collection highlights
emails. what are the ones that customers
emails.com or emaildonut.com and
emojis. Just test test. It's going to be
encourage browsing, show off some of our
end of the flow, you should have trust
ended up doing. I tried to make space,
engaged list pretty much exclusively.
engagement, then we know that that email
engagement. It says, don't just buy
enhancing the benefits of caffeine. Hey,
enough until we can see our text super
enough. We need to have at least three
enough. You need to have a brand. That
enter a box right here. And for the
enter their SMS information. So I would
enter your email for 10% off sign up
enter your phone number to activate your
enter your website, sign up for an
enter zero for the padding so that we
entertain, and differentiate our brand.
environment. That's a micro topic that's
especially make sure you have card
espresso shop flow. So, this is going to
espresso shot flow, which most brands
essentially this is going to be anybody
essentially who are you sending these
essentially you can just follow brands
essentially, it's a pop-up form software
essentially, this is what we want to do.
ethical sourcing. I saw this page on
ever see a brand send you a text message
every brand is different and of course
every brand out there probably has an
every customer to receive when they join
every single click that we get worth
every single day. The more you send, the
every single one of these if we weren't
every single product that we're showing
every single time. Now, I want to walk
every single week. With customers being
everybody else and the copycats who are
everybody leave here, we can at least
everybody with the cart versus checkout
everybody's going to forget that you
everything else in terms of what we're
everything inside your Clavia once you
everything is right here. It's pretty
everything right here. And then adjust
everything that we need to be doing. And
everything that we want. So I just put
everything that we're going to go over
everything that's inside our product.
everything. Every extra word you add
everything. If you come in with a slap
everything. That was kind of dramatic,
exact email calendars that they're
exact numbers and how they're
exact system that we've used to generate
exactly how to set up these flows, and
exactly in the example that we're going
exactly what the person left behind and
example because it calls out the ideal
example calendar for Nike may look like.
example of what skimable looks like. The
example, most of our clients at around
example, that would be something like
example, this is a big decision for the
example, this little section right here
example. If you wanted to do like three
example. Make them centered. it's easier
examples here. If we look at this one
examples. For email one, again, you can
examples. We can do things like one
exclusive information or weekly updates.
exclusive, then you can also do that.
exist. Whereas like sending four times
exit intent cuz sometimes that can fire
experience of discovering brands is half
explosive. And look at that. That's
extend this background a little bit to
extra 20% off when you shop in person.
extra emails per month for them to try
extra research on this. So, this is
face to the name and then a story
faceless corporations. Following COVID,
factors or people. Number three, it's
facts that they can use in conversation
fan base of people who actually like
fan of doing this many reviews because a
fancy. You don't need any crazy
far as like a sending rule of thumb to
far as the best performing the quiz can
farmers. Okay, we got a lot more here.
fast." We did the restock right here.
faster. All right, so I kind of put the
fatigue in humans. You're much more
favorite picks. What does this mean?
favorites as the subject line and then
favorites that I like to include in
favorites, but these are like some
favorites. Um, and so if we go right
feastables in bullet points. And then
feastables. Now for this section of the
feature a couple other testimonials and
feature diagrams where we're calling out
feature right here. And then a new
feature right here. So say this was your
feature. And then a scientific study.
feature. And then of course we have
featured products that are in stock
featuring different bestsellers in your
featuring men and women using the
featuring some other products. Shop now.
feel that they are getting a
feels like the customer already has that
female, and you can split your flows
female. And then boom, we have a fully
female. But we also want to have in
female. Then I would say something like
festivals. So, there's lots of different
few items to cart, and waiting to make a
few options with different like
fields. How many people are actually
fierce right now. There's a thousand new
figures. Now, I'm not here to sugarcoat
files. And so I like to go to i love
filler emails are all about brand
final quick call to action. And then we
final uh shop below to get your section.
find exactly what they wanted. We then
find it again. Um, but found something
find out what these brands are doing so
find that dot dot dot works really well
finish with a shop all styles button and
finish with the peptide lip treatment
finished signing up with SMS as like the
first email. So, for abandoned cart and
first name and email versus just one
first name. Never do that. It's added
first one is the time delay until that
first order, then really what you're
first step and then it's asked for the
first step, let's do a poll question
first. It is the fan favorite yada yada
five emails over all time and they've
fixed into the five different content
flashing a ton of different testimonials
flavor. You've had chocolate. You've had
flow a little bit. Have it uh give it a
flow and then just adding your discount
flow email number one. Just make sure
flow for checkout started, but they
flow in the last 7 days, they're not
flow may look like. Meanwhile, abandoned
flow right here. They ramped up their ad
flow strategy just to save time cuz I
flow that not a lot of brands have, but
flow, just one SMS. And then browse
flow, which is bringing in 16 grand or
flow, which is when somebody has been
flow, which is when somebody views a
flow. And for this flow, we actually
flow. And this is going to trigger when
flow. First off, we have the welcome
flow. Let's talk about the checkout
flow. So if somebody views a product and
flow. So, this is my favorite and it
flow. So, we just want to educate on how
flow. That's literally it. Just add that
flow. This YouTube video of mine right
flow. Usually, the order of conversions
flow. You could test a million in one
flowcharts which are a little bit more
flows right here. So, both of the
flows that they have set up. So we have
flows that we want. Then we also have
flows, and these are the exact results.
flows, how to write and design high
focus for surviving in this market and
focus on the copy side. Now, let's talk
focus on. We have the cost per
focused on non-disounts. Educate,
folder. If you can use proper
folder." Whereas, if we're sending
follow our IG, we featured some of our
follow that up one day later answering
follow through. So, if we just put a
following 2021 iOS 14 hits. 2022
fonts that I'm using, I just using guys.
footer buttons in the footer. And then
footer down at the bottom after somebody
footer, which we're going to have. Okay.
for 3 to 5 seconds and understand it.
for SMS. Because for this brand, we're
for anybody who views a product but they
for cheap. Because people aren't just
for clothing brands, you really need to
for connecting with the customer. This
for email. We stick to three to six
for free and try it out and then you
for getting inspiration on email design.
for getting opens. So to edit the email,
for gym lover for by gym lovers for gym
for him, and then separate by men and
for now, we're just going to start with
for one day. But if you're only getting
for roughly half of our clients right
for sending content, building trust, and
for showing timelines of like using your
for some brands, a 4-hour time delay is
for the background of this email. So,
for the customer to click so they don't
for the email address. So, they are much
for the rest of the flow, we can just
for the sale. And then category buttons
for the side abandoned flow. The next in
for the welcome email and make sure it
for their customers has made the
for their order. And then something like
for this brand as they increased their
for this brand, we just had so many
for this one. I hope you got some value
for welcome emails. Now, let's go into
for which is a little bit advanced but
for women product image. We're going to
for you if you want to see them in depth
for yourself and use these ideas. Then
for. So, now we need to add the other
for. You can see super high unsubscribe
forefront of all marketing trends in the
forget to use this discount code because
forgetting something the dynamic section
forgetting something, then preview text
form a habit of opening your emails.
form again after 5 days. Display on both
form and hope that they're growing their
form conversion rate from 4%, which
form here like lessons. Lessons. So,
form instantly. So, I like to just do 4
form strategy and list growth strategy
form which is going to turn your paid
form, immediately they have been trained
form, maybe I want to make it a little
form. So you can say you've got 10% off.
form. The customer is bored of that and
form. This is why you see top brands
formatted properly. So looking here, I
forms to explode your list growth and
forms to your website, just like this.
forms. And the first option is just on
forth. we prefer to stack. Then we end
forward with this. So, now we have the
found that sending two to four times per
found work well with them. So that is
founder touch. Highly recommend you test
founders picks is something that works
founding story or brand mission of some
four automated abandonment email flows
four email campaigns per week to your
four emails in there. Others we should
four, five, there's six buttons right
fraction of a penny. And this powerful
fractions of pennies, decreasing your
free gifts in terms of revenue and
free if you click this button. Then it's
free money that you're giving me. It's a
free sample pack on your first order."
free trial because that is our offer.
free trial. Boom. Then we actually show
free with purchase. Boom. Perfect. High
free. Thanks for watching. I'll see you
free. The link is right here.
frequency. Like this is an awesome email
frequency. So you know how many emails
frequently asked question email of how
frequently asked questions. Then we're
frequently asked questions. These are
fried. So we need to make sure our
friend. They're dead simple and have no
friendly buttons. We need to think
friendly nudge, not a sales push. So be
from a friend and they just pull the
from a friend in your inbox. These
from a friend. What does it taste like?
from a friend. and it says, "Hey yo,
from back in the day of like what the
from email every single month. So that
from here. Perfect. Just dragged it in
from like another one. Actually, now
from receiving this flow or have been in
from seven figures to 8 figures to 9
from that and then linking to men's
from the actual background. So let's let
from the customer." That's actually
from the team. Looks like it's coming
from the website. And then peanut butter
from the younger audience. So, we want
from this. So let's just give chatbt
from. Monkpack, Kiss, Duck Camp, Magic
from. Number three, trust is the new
front of it. So, actually something that
fully stress over. But as far as the
fun, we could say like uh your taste
fun. And then a product section with the
fun. But you can see this right here.
fun. So that's kind of where we're at
functioning quiz popup right here. Male,
funny testimonial. It's softer than the
further browsing if you have more
further if they didn't find what they
future purchases by laying all the
gallery with like uh the headline and
gallery. Oh, and then we need this
game right now are doing this, then they
gas station candy. And then we'll take
general CTA. So, I'm just going to add
general learn more button right here.
general shop now, and then 20% off last
generate any money if nobody's going
generated over $100 million in
generating $500,000 a month for. I hope
generating $500,000 a month from email
generating a ton of revenue from the
generating an average of $100,000 a
generic themes. We need to go deep on
get all sorts of different test layouts
get back to you guys. All right. So,
get from somebody by having their first
get into actually writing the copy. So,
get into segmentation, which is
get one chance to make a first
get people onto your email list. We need
get people to convert right when they
get revenue. The purpose is to get
get somebody further down the funnel.
get that impulse purchase to have email
get the customer to convert on that
get them custom products and actually
get them into a couple emails of like,
get them to convert down the line.
get to actually how do we execute on
get you conclusive results. Go off feel.
gets a ton of revenue and a ton of
gets customers to convert at a higher
getting an ROI from it even easier for
getting charged by our number of
getting cut off. But in the foreground,
getting email ideas. And then also I've
getting more expensive by the day. The
getting more expensive than ever. And
getting your email sending provider set
getting. Ingredients, materials, or
girl. And then if you're going to do
give it a ton of life and help it flow
give more quick ones. Fair pay for
give people something really
give us just this quick little template.
given the best sellers and the
gives dopamine in their heads to where
gives us. So, if we go into edit right
giving is $50 off. And if I went up to
giving people a reason to feel happy
giving social proof, getting people to
giving the designer direction so that
giving them variation in our emails for
giving them what they want. I see a lot
giving you all the information that you
giving you the exact strategy that I've
gluten-free. Let me read this back again
go here, click onto your list, you want
go in and edit, you can see again since
go into Clavio, what we could do is we
go into actually like these emails step
go into kind of like their lip care
go into signup forms and then we can
go over here and then click mobile, this
go to consent, and then you want to turn
go to right here. Birkenstock, Boomer
go to the physical locations. So, they
go to this home screen it's going to be
go to this image right here and then add
go. Just like that. I'm going to bold
go. Looks like it lost my subject line
go. Then if we don't like kind of the
goes to SMS and we say, "Finish signing
goes to checkout and then doesn't
going any lower than two times per week,
going fast was like the only one that
going over in this video in creating
going spurting out from the call to
going through a live example and behind
going to add a section here like shop
going to add these different sections
going to also want the checkout
going to automatically close out.
going to be a big file for the customer.
going to be automated. This is something
going to be doing is we're going to use
going to be going over in this video,
going to be interested in X product or
going to be like this restock alert from
going to be our list where every single
going to be perfect. And in this case
going to be sending to. So we click on
going to be super super important and it
going to be the most tactical video on
going to buy. So always have a last
going to chat GPT. Or you can just go
going to convert a lot better. Um, and
going to copy this image right here. So
going to create our moat and increase
going to do a photo gallery. So I'm just
going to do for mobile. I like to
going to do more of an educational
going to email you and ask questions.
going to export them. I like to export
going to fill this out? Nobody. There's
going to find out there, which makes
going to fire whenever somebody joins
going to follow it up again with a
going to follow this layout where you
going to get read. So, here's like an
going to give you a good starting place
going to go off of store revenue or
going to go over the strategy and the
going to go see what I can find. Some
going to have to change the color of
going to have us write an email
going to have you set up all the
going to help. Most customers aren't
going to join an email list for
going to just drag and drop our emails
going to kill themselves in the long
going to leave and never come back.
going to leave. So make sure you have
going to look like by its different
going to malls lower than ever and
going to miss your trust window. So,
going to name this and then we're going
going to our design tool. This is Figma.
going to preview and test if the dynamic
going to prompt you to like be like,
going to pull an image. Or actually, you
going to pull in our pictures of the
going to pull in some pictures of the
going to put a photo gallery section
going to receive this flow. So, these
going to send an email being like, "Hey,
going to send them? We're going to want
going to separate it from the footer
going to show a lot of models in their
going to show to anybody who's already
going to show you how to do pop-ups on
going to start with putting all the copy
going to talk about signup forms. This
going to trigger after a customer does a
going to try to do something like that
going to want again the welcome flow,
going to want to leave. Make sure your
going, I bet that their customer scroll
going. So this I would just put the link
gonna put this in. I'm gonna move this
good education and kind of like
good enough. Maybe if you look at this
good health. This coming from a team
good quite yet. I still prefer to use I
good right here. Kind of at 60. Let's
good to go. Let's actually upload these
good. And now we can add our footer. For
good. Go to continue. And then what we
good. I don't really have any other
good. Nothing artificial. All the
got 10% off and then I would drag in a
got 10% off. And then put the image back
got a new iPhone 16, you can shop these
got the tone of voice right here. Lots
got this discount. To claim it, tell us
got this off of the internet right here.
got. Love this. I think this hero
graphic based emails which I showed you
graphic based emails. You can test
graphic design, they different sizes,
graphic to use my email. We're just
graphic with a couple different
graphic, which we are just going to take
graphic- based value emails. This is
graphic. Maybe I kind of just like this
great for list engagement because we
great for stealing layouts and finding
great systems that build trust fast to
great. It's just their design. The
great. Um pair with denim, so women's
groundwork so that they trust our brand,
group these two together. And we have
grouped together. And then I put a frame
growing e-commerce brands like Dr.
growth because it's so easy but such
growth, 4x, and the growth right here.
guarantee that the results are going to
guide to enjoying happiest hour. And we
guys that we can do that. And when we
guys will get the point. Before we
gym, do it right. Mix and match our
had a huge part of helping their brand
had in their footer. And we are looking
had two cart abandoned flows here which
hand the customer a click on a silver
happens when you use Clavio or whatever
harder to convert because they have less
harming our deliverability and then we
has a Tik Tok brain. If they can't just
has been active on our website or
has peanut butter chocolate bars, which
has this dynamic section loaded in. We
has to be a better way to get these
has to physically say, "No, I'm paying
has viewed these products and then they
hasn't even seen any information about
have 40% off. We want to promote the
have a button up here and then some
have a couple of FAQs down here, which
have a dummy account here. So you can
have a hero section, which is going to
have a little bit of body copy and then
have a little blurb at the bottom. So
have a lot of solid designs and imagery.
have a new collection of logo pieces
have a perfect how it works email.
have a pop-up that says take 10% off and
have a section up at the top of our
have a sub headline with some body copy
have a sustainability section and then
have a system for capturing, nurturing,
have a ton of stuff that we can use. We
have all those basics set up we can
have an option to buy other stuff here
have another, this is going to be a
have any questions or concerns? There's
have anything like 20 to 30% open rates,
have buttons centered or at least
have different strategies for cart and
have discounts. We're opening up a
have dynamic content, I like to start
have everything right here in this
have flows right over here. So the
have humor, we want to have punchy
have icon graphics. So, separate your
have individual shop now buttons so the
have individual shop now buttons, but
have is this flow of events and then you
have it an email, SMS, or whatever we
have it connected correctly. You have
have it trigger when somebody joins the
have logo on the left with a photo
have more. We have seven emails cuz this
have not had a test where it performs
have numbered lists, very similar to
have of getting a click. And then we
have one that's added to cart trigger
have our image slice. I'm just going to
have our table right here. We want to
have shop by category or some sort of
have shop men and then shop woman right
have some icons and a little bit of
have some targeted stuff. But typically,
have something like this, I could just
have that right there. Then boom, you
have the audience. So this is where all
have the buttons that we need to split
have the customer's attention for so
have the name, then we're going to have
have the profile filters here. But we
have the same sort of flows here but we
have the taking down Big Chocolate.
have these different actions that you
have this dynamic section. And then we
have this friends and family sale, which
have this section and then I did the
have this. And then what I'm going to do
have to do, I just have a demo store
have to figure out how in the world are
have to keep much similar and minimal
have to stretch their thumb. Five, we
have too big of a slice because it's
have two different styles of emails for
have two separate flows for cart and
have two simple diagrams just of a mock
have two tables right here. We have
have way less messages within them. So
have will convert into subscribers. So,
have, but we found this works really
have. In today's world, it's a
haven't seen them, wearable fitness
having a pop-up form or just having a
having like eight to 10 email flows, but
heading over to metrics and then the
headline focused on the discount offer,
headline just like, "Do you want 10% off
headline saying what's exactly inside.
headline. And then it outlines how these
headline. Bridge section, have like the
headline. No junk, just chocolate. You
headlines and sections we can use. All
headlines because our modern customer
health influencer right here, as well as
heavy visuals at the top. So, I'm just
help us write copy as well in the email
helpful for people. So, what we could do
helpful. You can also include a back in
her cast a shadow, have there be
here all had at least 50% more revenue.
here and look at how many people have
here and of course reminding of the
here and product categories. Follow that
here and they didn't find a product that
here are 100 high-converting email ideas
here are a ton of examples of
here are other people in these items.
here as an extra nudge to try to get an
here at the top. This is the biggest
here for the trigger, just like before,
here is what's going to be all of your
here like this jewelry brand. Just
here of who is this brand? I've been
here playing throughout in behind this
here removing all friction for the
here so that a person doesn't need to go
here so that somebody isn't absolutely
here specifically being like, hey, you
here that we want and just have this be
here to campaigns, yada yada yada. Skip
here we can see we have around like 200
here which have a difference. The cart
here which looks like an email or some
here, add a corner radius. Do something
here, smart e-commerce brands are doing
here, then here, then here. This is
here, they're doing get fourpack, get
here, this add to bag button. And then
here, this is going to fire the viewed
here, um, this is actually a GIF, which
here, we can see there's uh different
here, we have two emails. And here you
here, we're going to have this form be
here, we're just going to wait 30
here, which I've been seeing a lot of
here, which again, if you say that I
here, you can see all the buttons are in
here. Add some social proof. Boom. You
here. And I'm going to give you a ton of
here. And active on site is right here.
here. And then I found the font. We're
here. And then boom. Let us put in our
here. And then export as an image. And
here. And then make CTA stand out. So
here. And then this for a chocolate bar
here. And then we can have a graphic of
here. And then we finish right here. The
here. And then we just give a little bit
here. And then what you can do is you
here. And then you just put the links
here. And this should fit pretty well,
here. And what we really are looking for
here. Big button right up at the top.
here. Easy micro commit. Just do you
here. I might mix things up a little bit
here. I want to show a variation of us
here. I'm going to have a video in the
here. Individual products with a cooler
here. It's a little bit small. The first
here. It's going to hit well with the
here. It's very similar to cart and
here. Let me crop this to where I want.
here. Let's see what I want. Okay. I
here. Name this the Feastables email.
here. One day to then hit them with the
here. Perfect. That is Aloe. Now, let's
here. So just making it super clear.
here. So, we could do a peanut butter
here. That's my favorite layout, but do
here. The first thing that I'm going to
here. Then once we're all set, we can
here. They're a little bit different.
here. This is it, your last warning. So,
here. This is the template that we want
here. This is what you need to do. It's
here. Uh, but that would be one thing
here. We have Cristiano Ronaldo, another
here. We have our social proof emails.
here. We have the welcome and then the
here. We want to set dimensions as 300
here. Yes, we could hyper segment our
here. You can adjust it, change the size
here. You can also change if you only
here. You'll notice that we have clear
hero section to make sure it's calling
hero section with a founder photo and
hex. Go back into Figma. Take a
hey, I hope you are well and keeping in
hey, I noticed you haven't placed your
hey, here's the product. You can click
hey, if you can't decide, start here. A
hey, we miss you or you are interested
hey, what problem are you trying to
hidden fields and then we can add a
high leverage AB tests that I really
high leverage. Say you could double the
high-converting emails that we've used
high-converting signup forms just like
higher rate. So after they answer that
highest lever AB test is doing the
highlight for Earth Day. So, we really
highlight of the peanut butter chocolate
highlight our ingredients. Why do we
highlight. Let me do a little bit of
highlight. We have a blog for education
highlighting an offer, people buy from
highlighting that call out and then the
highlights and make it kind of seem like
highly recommend you do that. And then
hire designers. Like this right here.
hitting them every single day with
hitting. I just don't like how this
holding absolutely nothing back. I'm
honestly. Make this smaller. Drag this
hope my previous emails have given you a
hopefully it's Claio. That's what I'm
hopefully you're optimizing. So the
houses the one-time emails that you're
how big of an impact this can be, here's
how can we build a strong monthly
how fast and efficiently you can get
how it works and then they can trust the
how it's going to look designed, then
how it's mixing in all these different
how long you need to run a lot of these
how much you see these big brands mess
how this email flows because it's a gray
how to build that inside of Claio. So
how to do email design, I have other
how to make email designs that actually
how to master the most important part of
how to set up. It's essentially anybody
how to use a non-discounttoriented email
how we're different. Just a quick
how you can grow your list. You can just
how you compare. And then if you have a
how you're displaying your products. And
how-to right here so the customer can
humans where if you start doing
iconic Vic. Now's the time to restock
icons 8 background remover. Remove
ideulating and building high converting
if the product works, then maybe just
if their ads get shut down or their ad
if they get to the bottom of this email
if they want to. And then we have the
if we go right here, we can name it test
if we go to men's, then we could just
if you bring in 50,000 unique visitors a
if you don't already. And then email
if you have x amount of people on your
if you send 10 emails per month, which
if you want to do phone, you can as
if you want to keep things simple, you
if you're working with a designer, you
image here. And then find here. Take the
image of this, this, and then this in
image right here so that we can put a
image right here. You can actually see
image sections and upload those into
image will generate three times more
image-based emails. I don't know who
image.
imagery, we went with a actual just like
images of product with no buttons, the
images right here just by clicking
images that we're picking. So, we want
images. And this is what the email
images. So, let's find a couple of our
images. You can execute maybe like one
img.com. You go to this compress image
immediate thank you and then like a PS
immediate upsell and then also push
immediately upon the person signing up.
immediately. These emails will bridge
immediately. You can see button right
immersive when you can. Have some fun
immersive. And then you have the logo
impact on clicks. You want to make sure
impactful and not a lot of people do
important for fashion brands cuz people
important part of your email marketing
important right now? So, e-commerce has
important right off the bat that we want
important that I see a lot of brands
important to the customer? What are
important with your product imagery what
imported this into the document. And
impression and create that frame in the
improperly. And right here, we have it
impulse purchase. And we even include a
in 1 to two years. So if we want to
in 2025 and 2026. So, in this video, I'm
in a couple of these emails and browse
in and show up. And so I kind of just
in and then tie in our product right
in choices. Let us point you in the
in each email actually broken down. So,
in here.
in here. And then boom. So we have this.
in images to give the designer
in just like this. And this is looking
in kind of the copy right here and what
in like this. I can center you right
in our browse abandon emails. So if we
in our email list. What this means is
in our email. Each one should have a
in our email. So, let's do a product
in some more information about like our
in some text based emails right here. Um
in store. So, pushing people to actually
in summary, get your buttons in your
in terms of like the results of when we
in that segment. That's what a segment
in the email. And then being able to
in the email. Blue background with like
in the email. Um, and let's let's add a
in the footer. We have the super fun
in the last 24 hours just to be safe.
in the main ones that we want to follow.
in the next
in the right direction. Cuz the goal of
in their website. Okay. Then we're going
in this blurb that I liked right here.
in this product. Why don't you get this
in this video to maintain high profits
in this video, I'll be going over how to
in under 3 seconds. Okay, we'll spill
in your account. 20% off. And then you
in your emails. But for others, if it's
in your main mil uh section right here.
in your product sections actually
in, compress it, and you'll see that it
in, keep shopping." Usually, this is the
in, you can look at the different
in? Here's what products you can use.
inactive on the email list for 180 days.
inbox, finding different ways to show
inbox. We want to make our message
inbox." So, it's very important to have
include an email like this just breaking
including pictures of brand founders and
income for the customer. AI is just
increase the churn. Test this for
increase your conversion rate if you're
individual buttons. Then right here,
individual products don't have shop now
individual products just straight up.
industry? What are people saying about
inflation which is eating the disposable
info as well. Email should be giving the
infographic of what this means for us.
infographic. I found that it's harder to
infographics because people do not want
infographics of where our product fits
infographics. So we can get some
infographics. We have things like
information I'm giving away shouldn't be
information about the brand story, add
information about the brand. You can
information and the discounts on a
information and then they don't buy. So,
information, and then a section on
information, overcoming objections,
information. That's all you need. You
informational content. Some products
infrastructure. Now there are a couple
ingredients and how does it work. And
ingredients that are in our product.
ingredients. No corn syrup. Amazing
initial forms built out. You can even
input per step on the same form. We
insert a table right here and then
inside from farm to feast sustainability
inside of Claio. And that is the site
inside of Clavio. Edit the size and
inside of Clavio. So right here, I'd say
inside of Figma right here. So you can
inside of Figma similar to one here or
inside of Figma, which is a design tool.
inside of Shopify and just insert that
inside of our king-sized coffin and it's
inside this frame. Had to mess around
inside. All right. So, I just put the
inspiration and outfit inspiration here
inspiration maybe on some different
inspiration. So a seasonal outfit
instance of you'd be surprised
instant dopamine. You can't blame them.
integration. then reenable it and it
intentional. And there are certain rules
intentional. You can save time with a
interact with this first step. And then
interact with this first step. In fact,
interaction. We need to give them that.
interactive about it, which then brings
interested customers for more sales. So,
interested in receiving your emails,
interests. So, we can create segments
into Clavia, what we would do is use
into a couple of kind of like my
into actual conversions because email is
into it. So, really what I'm trying to
into our brand, they get overwhelmed.
into scraping the fish off their car
into the copy of our emails. It's that
into this brand. And so, it's really
into your welcome flow. So, you really
intro right there. and then the discount
invest a lot in their email marketing.
irresistible with the chocolate and then
is I want to leverage us against big
is I'm going to see if I can turn the
is a THC infused social tonic. And so
is a how it works. This is going to be
is a summer fever email. Again, you
is and then me recreating the email and
is coming up next. So, they just say,
is essentially 40% off sitewide. So,
is going to be and the more they're
is going to be high converting. Give
is going to be roughly twoish per week,
is going to be the most stereotypical
is going to be the textbased like little
is going to have its own link. Like for
is going to make my caffeine perform
is how you nail your welcome email
is just a segment of your full list, a
is just add the discount code within
is just do a time delay. So, typically I
is just like cool information to have.
is kind of just like once per week,
is kind of like brain dead. They're
is like because that's what people care
is like the base option that they give
is like the simplest sort of testimonial
is obviously way too wide. Going to
is perfect and summarizes everything
is perfect. This is the winning welcome
is proven to work from these brands who
is remind them of the discount and give
is remove this email input field here.
is set as white. Let's set this as 600
is some good imagery that we could use
is somewhere around this for brands. the
is the most important thing that you
is the other background of the email
is the warmest they're ever going to be.
is this dynamic Clavio block. This is
is this one right here. Just nice and
is to get the click. You can have a
is to have an even amount of these five
is validated and it's probably very
is way better than I could have done. I
is way down here. No, it needs to be
is we want to do one to five filler
is we want to separate this girl from
is what differentiates them as a brand.
is what she's wearing. Um big button up
is what we want here. This is an
is what's in our products compared to
is where you can actually go into the
is written out in massive blocks and
is your only mode. Copycats cannot
is. And so, why do we want to segment
isn't any dynamic sections here cuz
isn't bad. That's around industry
isn't looking too bad at all. And I kind
isn't working, reach out to Claio
isn't working. If you don't see this
issue that I see with most brands is
it a little bit fun, earth friendly
it and then make sure that everything is
it and then we ask for the email. For
it as like an image. And so that is what
it as simple as possible to save costs.
it at like four. Maybe make this a
it because it is such a big problem. Not
it come from a person. They're super
it depends, but three times per week is
it for them? We need to make sure our
it gives that cool effect where it's
it has an email field and then it says
it here, and then change it to 60
it immediately. When a person signs up,
it just works better. So I'd say you've
it matters. Then product section, of
it needs to link to the '9s loose fit
it really simple. Hey, here's your
it removed the background. This is what
it show to anybody, whatever you want
it some life. And then the different
it to be skimable. The second pillar is
it to be the same every single time
it to look. Edit the fonts. Essentially,
it was before and this is what it is
it'll walk you through this. But if you
it's 15% off. What I would do is I'd
it's a frame right here. And so it's all
it's actually a GIF that plays different
it's almost never that including that
it's already going to load up with the
it's been a while, yada yada yada, place
it's branded. And don't get too carried
it's expiring soon. And then listing out
it's full page or a flyyout, something
it's getting more expensive to drive
it's goes around her just like this,
it's going to ask the questions. So I'm
it's high leverage. It's super simple to
it's just going to be blocks of copy.
it's like, "Hey, did you forget
it's not going to increase your revenue
it's not really bringing any revenue in.
it's something that you absolutely could
it, what sort of a form it is, whether
it. Essentially, you have this big field
it. This results again in your expensive
it. You know what? I actually just went
it. make your list, check it twice,
item is back in stock. And then here are
item right now. So right there, we are
item. We need to tell them specifically,
item. You'd be surprised that has an
items in the bundle. Just have
jackets, whatever it is. We want to give
jeans. Whereas this section needs to be
join. So I do newsletter. And then SMS
journey. Now, the benefits of proper
junk, or loaded with fillers. And then a
just a big shirtless dude, which I mean,
just a different way to look at that
just a headline bonus savings in store
just a lot going on. There's so much for
just a super simple email highlighting
just add things and make them
just ahead of the curve. And what
just as important if not more. So we
just be mobile. So right here with this
just be straight up with like, hey, here
just by looking up the checkout abandon
just by mentioning me. I'll walk through
just by putting the welcome discount.
just center these. And this looks pretty
just copy and pasted this in. Made sure
just did underlined sort of like a bold
just do a launch email for products that
just don't always convert. And in the
just edit copy right inside of here
just encourage browsing. You can say,
just fighting for these expensive ad
just filled this out answering these
just focused on how we're different. And
just for you for the next 24 hours. So,
just from the email channel. So now
just go to create flow up here and then
just going to add a block. Drag in a
just going to be using Canet. However
just going to copy and paste and put
just going to go over metrics and making
just going to go straight to a shop now
just going to have chat GPT like do this
just going to willy-nilly throw around
just have a logo right here of your logo
just have our images. And we can edit
just highlighting specific products,
just lame. They're just stuck in the
just like text and then some images here
just like this right here, this
just like this. And if we click on then
just like this. And then kind of like
just like to go to something like
just like we did, but you can see yes,
just like, "Hey, do you want a discount?
just looking at Aloe here to get some
just looks There are a couple things
just make it as simple as possible for
just means no blocks of copy. We need to
just need more information for people to
just need to put in our product
just one day, for example, just right
just paid for immediately, you are
just pay it. Not with email. It's yours.
just prompting people again to say,
just quick and to the point. We also
just say claim now, activate discount,
just saying the FAQ itself and saying it
just saying, "Hey, sign up for your
just test test test. When I'm setting up
just the big difference here. The bigger
just the past 18 months. Nobody else is
just throwing around monthly discounts
just to brand it.
just to give it some more depth. So kind
just too much BS to their list and
just use this. And then let's put in
just want to change this call to action.
just want to send them to engaged
just way too much going on right when
just with that welcome flow. And that's
just zoomed in on the waves. Put it
keep it simple. Products and then tag us
keep opening your emails. So, use them
keep putting it off and then they're not
keep your customers scrolling. and keep
kept up with everything that's changed
key way. Lists inside of the platforms
killer. Uh, looks scared our neighbors
kind of a theme here with the personal
kind of all we need to do is drag this
kind of confusing, but this is actually
kind of just like word smith together
kind of just start with this. So if we
kind of know what works. So, I'm going
kind of lame. It's just like kind of
kind of like around the 5 to six email
kind of like boiled things down to these
kind of like give you something to gauge
kind of like main ones right here. We
kind of like our main subtopics here is
kind of like see my thought process and
kind of like the email which goes on top
kind of like the stuff that we're
kind of like this. I just like the
kind of like those base ones that we
kind of put this over top like an image
kind of the goal here. But this is what
kind of the landscape and what's
kind of the product in action in order
kind of want to spread these out. So
knew they were going to make a lot more
know is that competition is crazy. It's
know kind of like what to avoid. First,
know what form type we're going to use.
know what? Let's add the copy in here.
know you're probably busy. You can have
know, your toilet time. So, those are
knowledge which can be used to make
knows how to create high-converting
landscape. Ad costs right now are higher
last call to action and put it here.
last chance on the discount. Make it
last chance or they're just going to
last chance to use your discount, then a
last flow we want to talk about is the
last month. So, they're taking it pretty
last tip here is using a no thanks,
lastly, New Balance right here. I think
lastly, we have engaging. Boring emails
later having a personal reminder.
later. Let's just give them their
latter will perform 99 times out of 100.
launches that they that they had over
launches that you do. A lot of brands
launches. Custom font right here, bring
layout here. I deleted the images and
layout of logo, headline, body copy,
layout, we're going to have a headline
layout. Make this a little smaller. And
layout. We just want to welcome them to
leading with value, not offers. We want
leaking thousands of dollars every
learn more. How lame is that? So, we
least five emails, but they've opened
leave. Here's the flow strategy right
leaves. And we want post purchase once
leaving to check out one of your
leaving, and then never coming back
left behind or the different items. We
left behind. And you can still go in and
left behind. Mixing in some social
left side. If you click into styles, you
left this item behind, you browsed this,
left with only a few bucks from the
leggings and there's a step-by-step
less resulting in a lot of brands
less unsubscribes, more people on your
lessons. Here was the total store
let's actually get into the winning
let's go to the Fastables email. We have
let's go to the SMS campaigns. And the
let's go to this next one. So this is
let's highlight the denim products and
let's just do an email focusing on this
let's just get right into it. For
let's just get right into it. So, why is
let's move in to this next section. So,
let's put this right over here. And then
let's say this was a restock. And then I
let's suppress the inactive people to
let's talk about the email flows that we
lever is adding more emails. Usually,
leverage things that we need to make
life. Um, and then um, so this is a
like $20, then you probably don't need
like a Memorial Day sale, you're going
like a Memorial Day sale. So that's
like a branded email in a world where
like a little bit too abrupt here. These
like a mini email if we're just going to
like a photo gallery kind of in the
like a plain product or plain image
like a white uh the floor is white, and
like a yes, please. And then we're going
like advanced stuff but they walk you
like all the best practices but it does
like alleviate that. And so we need this
like almost 3D, which gives it that
like baby apparel. And we ask like, "Are
like brand messages. Golf wasn't born to
like buttons and sections right here uh
like five. That should be pretty good.
like forgetting something,
like free guides or like PDF documents
like from these brands, but I can piece
like full image here. So they keep it
like half second. That's just crazy. We
like if I sell accessories or clothing,
like information, but I don't really
like is this seems very tall. It's going
like it and how the email progresses.
like it. We have it all in one frame. So
like joining your email list or
like keep browsing or something like
like kind of like floating in the sky
like on a quiz. We want to remove
like one extra VIP email every quarter
like one to two to maybe three
like other brand emails that we've done.
like other products. Perfect. Right
like plain products. And so we have like
like rolls through. If you want to be
like sizing and where it could be. The
like some basic segmentation use cases
like something like right back here. And
like summarize ethical sourcing for
like that, or just like a plain popup
like the email optin, and then the SMS
like the the aesthetic of the brand. It
like the whole outline of this email.
like they have corner radiuses on this.
like they used to. The customer is a lot
like this example for a brand, which is
like this if we wanted them to be wider.
like this where we're asking a question
like this. It's like a 3D sort of look
like this. The different sizes, what
like this. This is one of my favorite. I
like this. We don't like this cuz
like to do buttons all the time off to
like to do just like 4 seconds after
like tomorrow. Like if we're
like we did for card abandoned checkout
like we had before, we would upload the
like what happened and also why your
like what your system can look like. The
like when you sign up to their email
like, "Ah, I already started with this.
like, "Hey, 10% off. Enter your email."
like, "Oh, you should do this." I'm
like, "Okay, enter your email." seems so
like, "Okay, pair those logo pieces with
like, I don't think I'm going to be able
like, hey, we're really awesome and show
like, textbased emails always perform
like. This is where you can get all
liked in this original email. And so we
likelihood of conversion. Plus, who
likelihood that they close out of the
likely to bounce. That's why we always
limited time offer, discount exclusive,
line height, these will spread out.
line ideas. This bar will ruin all
line it up so it's perfect, and then we
line right here. We can just make the
line, preview text, everything right
line. And so what did we do here? We
line. Move these together. And I kind of
lines that are more browsebased where
linked it to the page and then add
linking to a direct product like this
list because they like opening the
list by each of their favorite colors
list for improved deliverability. We
list growth. Four times the amount of
list growth. Run that for two years and
list of people, whereas segments are
list out some products maybe, and you're
list through our pop-up form from which
list, if you have double opt-in on, it's
list, then you're good to send at this
list. Now, there are a couple things
list. Right here they have us sending an
list. When in reality, every single day
listing some of the products or some of
lists and every once in a while opening
literally double the revenue. So, we
literally get a Whoop sent to your house
literally just having chatgpt help me
literally just separating the benefits
literally on my phone right now. But let
literally showing you exactly what bad
little bigger. I just pulled a frame of
little bit and have it all be in one
little bit and you can see the image
little bit cooler. There we go. Okay,
little bit different way. And then
little bit different. I actually just
little bit hard to read. So maybe we
little bit more aggressive, but it works
little bit more depth because what has
little bit more fun into these emails
little bit more. It releases a little
little bit of both, though. You are
little bit of information with each one.
little bit of life right here. Uh was
little bit of product education as far
little bit old. I think these uh I think
little bit. I usually like to make my
little email campaigns, leaving a ton of
little nudge. So, let's actually build
little photo gallery at the top. And
little psychology and do product
little texture. And so I actually pulled
live. These are the site abandoned,
locked in.
logo TE's and then we'll try to make
logo pieces. So, how about we have this
logo up at the top here. We have this,
logo.
long as you're just replenishing this
long before they might go to a
long does it take to see results with
long run, we need to have engaging
long we want. I typically like to do
long-term conversion. We can't just spam
look at a product page and I click right
look at how much more life this just
look at some of the numbers. Again, it's
look at the look at the community. Look
look at this product and then close out
look good in that product. So, having
look like and what it's going to do.
look like every single time, just plain
look like they're coming from a friend.
look like this graphic based email here.
look, but not all of them. I just like
looked like and the strategy that we
looked up the niche and kind of found
looking at Mil, which is just a free
looking pretty clean if we add it to
looking pretty sweet. I'm going to spend
looks like for users. And if any of that
looks like it's coming from a friend.
looks like it's not going to play, but
looks like somebody just needs to answer
looks pretty good. Looks like a decent
looks. Boom. Okay, that doesn't look
looks. So I'm going to see if I can find
lose them. If you are dialed in, then
lost sales, and look at these different
lot lower intent. We want to see if
lot more people sign up for the mystery
lot of brands sending educational
lot of different ways that you could put
lot of people when they're first coming
lot of people will be opening your
lot of people will do discounts right
lot of products or the customer might be
lot of social proof, reviews, and user
lot of stuff. People are brain dead when
lot of the automation and figuring
lot of the designers out there watching
lot of their sales right now are coming
lot of times that can overwhelm the
love IMG. So, actually right here we
love the copy and the stuff that they're
love this part as much, so I might steal
love this. It's fun. It's edgy. And it
loved logo TE's. Okay, so after going
lovers. Shop now button. There's a low
low performing pop-up and living with
low sugar, organic cacao, uh, artificial
lower your click rates become. We have
lowest performer, just because this is
lowest performing email in that welcome
made a button with a white background
made our files 72% smaller. And the
made the price a little bit bigger and
magic behind it. And then here's just
main aspects of email marketing that we
main sort of like background figured
make it a little bit cooler than just
make it important. Put it in the PS
make it mobile exclusive or desktop
make it plain. But typically, I like to
make it single opt-in. So right when the
make it super clear that this is a last
make it super easy to just shop all and
make sure that I don't mess up any of
make sure that moves behind the text. A
make sure you use high contrast colors
make that a lot make them a lot bigger
make that time delay the standard. The
make this a lot bigger. kind of what I'm
make this even bigger if we did
makes you to really like value, you
making it so so easy to copy products
making that as clear as possible. Maybe
making the brand feel human. People want
male and then boom it will create it
man. And then there's like a blog email.
many email addresses from your website
many emails. You just need to drill them
many options. There are one, two, three,
many other e-commerce brands do that has
many people as you can. So, don't get
map this out for you, a recent study
mark. We want to make sure our emails
marketing account and thought, "There
marketing are just going to fizzle out
marketing because they haven't
marketing brain which I showed you
marketing campaign calendar. It's going
marketing campaign. So, I'm going to
marketing is no longer just a nice to
marketing than meta ads, which are
marketing to 50 year olds. Meanwhile, a
matches their website. Perfect. Now,
matches them and what products they
matches your brand vibe. Super important
materials, your values, your results,
matters. And then we move the road the
maximum six words, ideally four to six.
may not be delivering a good experience
maybe a post-purchase flow. There are
maybe let's make this a little bit
maybe like 5 to 10 seconds of attention
maybe line height. If we increase the
maybe two sentences. This is going to
maybe we can steal. Okay, so going at
me finish showing this to you because we
me more options for bridge section as
me play around with moving these around
means for us. And final little call to
means. And I love how this footer is
media profiles. So, the first thing we
member on the team just works so well
men and women. We'll just replace like
men's and women's in the hero section.
mentions it. Give me more headline
menu. The main menu is going to ask,
mercy of him. He can kind of charge
mess up is don't ask for more than one
message, but this again is pretty
messages a lot sooner than they would
messages can be annoying. We just want
messages for the win back flow. We
messages. Now, let's actually talk about
meticulous AB testing, we took their
metrics firing. Hopefully, you have an
metrics. So different metrics we could
micro commit deal where it's like
micro commit, and the quiz popup. The
middle. These are all kind of like
might just might not be enough. And so,
might not be interested in a top, but
mil a month or have a very specific use
million email marketer. You can use this
million every single month with pure
million in e-commerce sales. So the
million in the past 18 months. We sent
mind and maximize our inbox visibility.
mind with customer in every email has
minutes to fire that first email. We
minutes. And then we want everything
mistake here cuz this is actually
mistake, I extended your discount code
mixing these in. And you can have
mobile and desktop. If you just want to
mobile first. Buttons should be at least
mobile, I usually just like to start
mock clavia. And what I'm going to do is
mockup stuff. But if I want to create a
money due to inflation, not having
money on the back end. And then in 2026,
money. But you can test that out and
month and 50k to 250k monthly site
month for them and just sending to our
month we want to suppress these people
month, I would recommend more at the 3x
month, contributing to 16% of the total
month, contributing to 24% of the store
month, review the results. I can almost
month, then you can expect with a 10%
month, which you can see here with these
month. And one thing also to make sure
month. I believe it's the first month.
month. Since we only have so few emails,
monthly site visitors as a metric, too,
monthly site visitors. We like to use
months ago, reminding them to come back
months and email marketing revenue up
months with these exact strategies that
months. So, if you want to know more
mood and they're open to browsing. So,
more body copy variations and make the
more buttons we can put in the email to
more capabilities, organization, and
more careful with their money. They
more emails if we have high site traffic
more expensive to drive site traffic and
more expensive. While most brands are
more graphics and people need to see
more just being like, "Hey, your
more life. Um, and these are probably
more likely to enter their email address
more money than they would have if it
more often, we want to make sure that we
more profit. So, this is exactly what we
more than a couple of reminders to buy.
more than welcome to. Just be careful
more time for these tests to actually
more unsubscribes you will get, but as
more urgency. Boom. Then this branch is
more. And that is with a dialed popup
more. It's also novelty bias. Humans are
more. We could have a little bit more
most bang for our buck, we're going to
move it to like right here so we can get
move on and get to our bridge section.
move this up. And now we are looking
moved this button way up at the top. We
much higher ROI. And so these were the
much lower. So this is why we only want
much money to acquire, even if they
much more likely to engage with things
much traffic this flow is getting for
multiple follow-ups cuz people forget.
multiple of her, and the background is
multiple products. But the purpose is to
multiple touch points across channels to
mysteries. They love the curiosity, and
mystery discount. People just love
myths versus facts, a little bit of
name. It's pretty Having
natural. So using things like pre-orders
naturally churn. Since they aren't
navigation buttons up at the top of the
necessarily go out of stock, we can
necessary if you are an ecom brand
necessity. In this mega video, I'm
need an absolutely dialed email pop-up
need daily reminders and it's just what
need in our email welcome flow. Every
need more education to buy. So, we need
need more systems. You need to find ways
need this pop-up and welcome flow. So,
need to be testing. So these are some
need to buy. These are essential because
need to cover. One of them is going to
need to deliver a strong intro on our
need to end with a general CTA of shop
need to get them over the edge. If
need to have a shop button where you say
need to keep things super super simple
need to make sure we have a button for
need to make sure you're able to add
need to over complicate this. People are
need to overcome objections within them.
need to run eight to nine figure
need to send to. And then for sales, you
need to set up our email automations. So
need to set up when you're starting off
need to start with a strong offer. Your
need to talk about that right now. If we
need. You can edit over here. Change
needed for our branding and showing off
needs to have a different link because
never want those to be at the top
new coming out. So it can hit on that
new frame right here. We'll name it
new look. Boom. Shop Valentine's Day.
new pop-up, I'm just going to click
new stuff that works in 2025 and 2026.
new subscribers coming in. We can send
new. Use this discount." Then after
newsletter list, which is what is
next flow, which not a lot of brands
next message. And then one day for the
next one in the funnel, which is
next slice. And then repeat this for
next step of this form is it's asking
next to this and then change the answers
next week or two. So, we want to include
niche. So, we need to educate these
no crazy graphics and the simplicity of
no matter the welcome flow, if you have
no matter your ecom store size. Some
no, a micro commitment here as well.
nobody checked out a specific product
non-disount angles, which we found work
none for now for simplicity. And then we
normal engaged lists. And these
not a lot of people are opening our
not a lot. That's literally like one
not as flat like right here by having
not find what you were looking for?" for
not going to make as much money as if
not having the uh not having clear shop
not just have great products. They have
not overwhelming the customer with a ton
not want predictability. They want to be
notes here for the brief for this email
nothing is perfect on the first go,
notice a lot of disconnect between copy
noticeably better when we started doing
noticed that this isn't really centered.
noticed you signed up, but you didn't
now buttons, but you can actually
now buttons.
now let's go into actually creating our
now we can kind of adjust this form for
now we have six final examples of just
now we're looking good. This email is
now, pay later in case price is
now, this just works exceptionally well.
now. And every month we're doing over
now. I don't want to give these guys my
now. It is the best pop-up form platform
now. So now if we wanted to, we could do
now. Then also PS, if you have any
nudge to buy. So what we need to do is
number four, you need to earn the sale.
number one. Now, you can build these
number one. So, welcome email number
number six, end with a general CTA. If
number. We want our call to actions to
numbers over time. If you click show
nutshell very similar. So, that's on the
objection, which is perfect. The only
obvious and easy to absorb so that their
of WellCopy. We've done over $100
of a form do we want to run? So, there
of all of them. You can even add product
of an email, super flat and just not
of an emotional appeal and then a little
of at the 0 to 50k a month store revenue
of brand information, remind the
of brands going way too overboard with
of cognitive tasks? Boom. Look at how
of copy that you would want to include
of course in the footer, we shop by
of course, finish with shop by category
of course, mixing things up for the
of different stuff you can do with your
of educational content. Then we have a
of good stuff. So headline, peanut
of hey you viewed this product do you
of information. Short, quick, and
of information. So, back anatomy 101,
of just leaving money on the table.
of just like hey place another order you
of just sending to these 90-day engaged
of know what works and what doesn't. So,
of layout. We like this. I would like
of like 10,000 people or just send three
of like how they do it. Boom. That
of like map out our email with
of looks like we still have this design
of needs to be updated a little bit. Um,
of our clients, and we work with over
of our control. What we can do is make
of our list that we want to send to. And
of our lists and segments are going to
of our website traffic to then send them
of peanut butter. So, this looks good
of people who are interested in that
of repetitive. So, I'm going to get rid
of saying put big buttons throughout
of seven. Add some life with funny
of small communities, specifically
of some sort. It kind of just stands out
of space. We're going to have a lot of
of spamming with 10 different takeaways
of stuff and then the discount code is
of that. Then, we just have our most
of the Calvin Klein product section. So
of the fun. Um it's always like a game.
of the layout of your email and the
of the offer because the offer last
of the other thousands of competitors
of the screen, um popup, we're going to
of the vibe of like the checkered cases.
of the website right now. Next up, and
of these are very clean for simplicity.
of these individual products. We need to
of these people. But at what cost? Would
of things. The last thing we kind of
of those or in the big list that I
of two days, but I found that people
of want to make this even more 3D. Just
of what I'm thinking here is if we make
of your ecom funnel. So if you're kind
of your emails. You just got to change
of your list so you can gather data and
of your page, but I'd just keep it
of your product into just checklists. We
off double opt-in right here and just
off everything was extra 20% off in
off for our brand. We tested a mystery
off of this because they already acted
off of. I put this together, and this is
off the bat, but I don't like to do
off the bat, but over time you'll get
off these templates that I've given you,
off versus 10% off. A lot of times, a
off with a transformation from a
off with the bare minimum. And we are
off with the welcome flow for email and
off, we need to turn off double opt-in
off. Buy now. I love this. And a lot of
off. Here's your discount code. Go shop.
off. If your AOV is $50 and we're giving
off. Kind of advanced. What I did is I
off. This brand right here, you could
offer is everything. Not quite
offer is very clear. So, those are some
offer support just down here. Do you
offer, we want to show every part that
offer. We started off with doing percent
offers way up at the top of the email.
offers. So you can see for this brand,
oh, where's my discount code? Uh, Cyber
okay. Right here we have less copy, just
on Instagram. We have a photo gallery
on a screen 1.5 to two inches wide so
on a silver platter. The person signed
on anything, but the second I actually
on my channel breaking those down. But
on my mind and I have a lot of ideas so
on one thing about why we're the best.
on our strong branding, clear visuals,
on that shortly. So, those are the email
on that will distract. Tip number five.
on the brand. We'll do the education
on their phone. So, we need to make sure
on this first step. Somebody clicks this
on this month right here. You can see
on this side, and then a shop woman's
on to the next step. Step two, we want
on two times. And we're going to save
on watching me writing and design uh
on with the next section. And actually
on your discount. That's a super quick,
on your email list, but you could have
on-site trigger. And you can check to
once in the past 60 days. And if I
once somebody enters. Super key. Also
once we start doing something, it's
one SMS as well. We have two text
one and really try to drill that home,
one and two that we're going to talk
one core takeaway per email when we can.
one from free pick just copied it and
one hour is doing. It depends on how
one linked here, cuz a lot of this
one of those templates. So, let's start
one specific thing, not five different
one where we just do a simple reminder.
one where we said, "Hey, sign up with
one's a little bit different. This one
one, it's kind of blurry, but holy input
one, the X in the top right corner is
one, we're actually waiting 1 hour this
one, you want to dial in your pop-up
one-time emails and SMS that you're
one. The purpose and the content is we
one. They go hand in hand. If your copy
one. Way too many words. There's just a
ones that are going to be able to
ones. So just copy the emails that you
only gathering their phone number when
only send textbased emails? But we
onsite. That's the lowest in the funnel
onto the site. As far as the email
opacity clear. So now it's completely
opacity down so we can see the
open your email and you look on your
opened emails zero times in the last 365
opened or clicked emails. So, we ensure
opening it. They're going to be like,
opening our emails, we want to remove
opening up their email, they are seeing
opens the email without needing to
opens the email, they have something to
opt-in rates and their team is killer.
optimize these over time. Step zero is
optimized emails. If you want to learn
optimized. So, you need to make sure
optin, and then I won't do SMS, but
optin, and then the success page right
option to shop other items right here.
option. They'll do the compressing for
options and it's like, "Hey, you've got
options and loyalty is lower than ever.
options in my mind for creating these
options that have peanut butter in it.
or actually Clavio calls it a cart
or anything. Clavio is just the best
or break for email design and
or celebrities pretty much just to show
or down the line without having to pay
or make a purchase. And so, we want to
or maybe their day has calmed down and
or monthly site visitors around 0 to 25k
or or phone number to get them back.
or so people who are firing this every
or take a mystery discount?" It's at
or whatever, whatever you want. I won't
order in the past 36 hours. We can see
order it now. I thought that this was
order or you've got 10% off your first
order yet. No worries if you've been
order. Big button right here. Claim 10%
ordinary. You see the different
organic cacao um and minimal
organization here on the left side, but
origin story, and a deeper mission
other brands emails and everything that
other brands popping up every single day
other people are liking the product.
other people wearing the products so
other products cuz maybe a person didn't
other products cuz now this person has a
other products. So let's show that to
other times you do need a little bit
other to say female.
other. Four is social proof versus
others in your niche. And the way you
others, but create our discount code
our best performer is the welcome flow
our body copy. Put you in here. And this
our brand cuz that's why it was created.
our button right here. And then we're
our campaigns? Why not blast to our
our community with images that were sent
our compressed files. Here's slice one.
our copywriters act as email architects
our core flows with email, making sure
our email creation process is ideation.
our email list. Somebody signs up for
our engagement rates. So, this is going
our graphic based emails which are
our last chance discount email to get
our mobile form cuz that's what 80% of
our pop-up forms. And that ideally is a
our product works. We want to reduce
our products are really expensive. So,
our products. We need to appeal to our
our sales with our acquisition funnel.
our sending platform, all that we're
our story email. Next I want to talk
our subject line. Hi, there. And then
our text message. That's the strategy.
our textbased emails for a couple of
our trigger. And then just like before,
our two browse abandons which you can
our vibe. We don't want to do this for
ours. Whatever it is, we want to be
out because that's very, very important.
out by saying no, I will give away the
out if you want to learn more about
out other videos on my channel like the
out the actual uh customer cuz we've had
out there copying your store, you only
out there. We consistently have over 10%
out to you, which is why it works so
out with templates and then add whatever
out, okay, what's the website of the
out. All right, perfect. So you can see
out. I'd be lying if I said I didn't
out. Let's paste in this logo. Center it
out. These are the best practices that
out. made a little bit immersive so it's
outdated strategies and they're not
outfit inspiration. We're going to be
outlining everything right here and then
outlining the free offer for acquisition
outlining the struggle. She struggled
over $100 million in e-commerce sales in
over $20 million in sales. So, let's get
over 100 different e-commerce partners
over 500 pages of email marketing
over a billion marketing emails and we
over here. Upload these. Do the same
over in this video. And then you can
over the course of a long time can help
over the finished product as well as
over the past few years in ecom postco.
over time at around that mark when we
over time. And so if you want us to do
over to a fun one. We have Rare Beauty.
over, messed up when I brought this. At
over. We want this to be 30 minutes. And
overall time. And you could have this
overall. This is okay, though. Um, but
overdoing it. This is just what we've
overwhelm or do all this crazy stuff. We
overwhelm them with 10 different
overwhelmed with what to pick, a
own. In this case, we can actually use
own. We can change this to site abandon
page. We say take 10% off your first
paragraphs and you're not thinking about
paragraphs of information. And we're
partner, yada yada. Use your free uh get
passport and it's fun. It's talking
passport idea if you wanted to. But
past 6 months and you can have it for
pasting this text and saying shop now.
pay a full price. And if we want to do
pay at full price." So then the customer
pay even more every single day to get
paying $50 to maybe get a sale on your
peanut butter bar. We'll just have this
peanut butter, but never like this.
people a general option like shop all
people and build trust. So, we send
people are dying for that personal
people are going to view. So, I'm going
people are rebying off of those email
people are typically coming back, but
people aren't sitting down and reading
people as possible without firing that
people back on the email list or
people buy? Important to note, however,
people coming in consistently to the
people entering in here. You can see we
people is if you make things seem new.
people just aren't ready to buy when
people just throw up a templated pop-up
people like new. They like to shop
people like to browse a little bit more
people test is linking to specific
people they're getting off of their ads
people to SMS uh men's upcoming
people to buy on the spot with a ton of
people to our social media. You see this
people who are abandoning your products.
people who are actually opening our
people who are going to buy anyways, but
people who are ready to buy on your
people who have viewed a product, but
people who look at items, don't add to
people will leave and just never come
people with our actual emails, which is
people, "Oh my gosh, this is a big
people. And what did we get? Double the
people. So I'm going to click engage 60.
people. So social feeds are literally
people. So that's how many people we're
people. So, people who have received at
people. Then we have different forms of
people. They don't just want to buy from
people. This is stuff that I've tested
per acquisition. If you own the
per email, but now you maybe have 3
per month and 8,000 to 12,000 new SMS
per step. And then four, just do as
per week to different small email groups
per week to then seven per week sending
per week, the customer gets to know your
per week. But you can see you have a
per week. If you got 250k to 1 mil a
per week. This is so we can stay top of
percentage of your total sales. Like for
perfect for CPG brands, skincare brands,
perfect. All right, I was able to pull
perfect. And then also we have a button
perfect. So again, right here, we'd want
perfected little bit of information. But
performance on this and how well it did.
performance would be much higher,
performing. Those are the automated
person almost just bought from us. and
person enters their email address,
person has to open to receive their
person, which in this case is going to
person. That makes a huge difference.
person. You can see how simple this is.
personal feel that customers will
personal feel which we love. Now, let's
personal feel. With these textbased
personal touch because you want to make
personal. And that's how you can build a
personal. Offer support if you want to
personal. When we do use our graphics,
personalized product or service. So
phone number. I'm just going to leave
phone right here. So it's a little
phone, this is all you see and it's just
photo galleries. So they do a lot of
phrasing, emotional triggers, or helpful
pick out what exact products you want.
picks. So highlighting like some of our
picture of her right here, and then we
piece, which is also on their website.
piece. You deserve it. Big button right
pieces. And then the product section,
pieces. Um, and then we feature the
pieces? How it's made. If you have a
pillars that I showed you. There's a
pillars, which I mentioned. It's because
pillars. Just mix it up and don't be too
pinpoint unengaged profiles so that we
place an order or they've been in the
place here. And then similarly, we have
placed an order four times or more
placed an order in the past 30 days, but
placed an order with that item or
placement rate, and go less to the spam
places an order just to get upselles,
plant-based and melt inyou mouth magic.
platform called Alia. If you say, "I
platform that you use, which is free and
platform you have, or you can design
platter. Number one, we want a button
playbook is the answer. This is the
plugins right here, icons 8 background
plus. Here's your discount code. Go
point if you reach a certain level of
point them in the right direction with
pop-up form getting more people to see
pop-up form is the most important part
pop-up form submission rate from 2.5% to
pop-up form that's converting 15% of
pop-up forms is you've got 10% off. So
pop-up forms that are going to get as
pop-up forms to getting email addresses.
pop-up forms. And it sounds stupid,
popup and your email welcome flow. If
position our brand differently and show
possible and scaled brands profitably
possible, here are a couple clients over
possible. Hey, welcome to Calvin Klein.
post-purchase flow, try to get an
potentially this is somebody who uh who
practice with what are the best
practices, apply those to your forms.
practices. What do you need to know when
predictable and scalable. You know that
predictable because the customer does
prefer
pretty big on discount. And then we have
pretty good to me. We'll have a photo
pretty minimal and have this white
pretty much every single brand out there
pretty much for every brand in terms of
pretty much for every sort of email
pretty much saying like, "Hey, did you
pretty saucy. I love how this turned
pretty similar to us. Um, so I want to
pretty simple and they just want to know
pretty simple as well. All right. Right.
pretty simple. So I think we'll keep it
pretty solid. Adjusted the sizing of it
pretty solid. I like it. This is great.
pretty standard. Now, some people will
pretty sweet up here. One thing I don't
preview it just right here. You can also
preview text right here. And so you can
preview text. These went fast last time
preview, then we can see our products
price before, slash it out, and then
price is going to be double. So, we
price. And so that person is forced to
price. Then, even if somebody doesn't
principles that we're applying. Okay,
principles. The three different pillars
probably around 800 or so in length. And
probably don't want to see this brand,
probably double the performance for
probably going to get rid of this. I
probably just going to go with a
probably know what they're doing. To be
probably the safest thing that we can
probably. And this will help kind of
problem. And how can we fix this? This
process with how your products are made,
process. I might as well just enter my
process. I want to keep this video as
product addresses that FAQ. We can see
product alone isn't enough anymore. So
product features or specific customer
product grid to doing like one layout,
product highlight here. But another
product is a little bit more
product or collection highlights, so
product or what you might experience. We
product right here and then go into a
product right here is our bestseller.
product right here. And for win back,
product right here. And if you click on,
product section just with a quick
product section right here. More stuff
product section to be super simple. So,
product section, which is what we did
product section, you can have some
product section. I found this brand
product section. Tie into your brand,
product that has ingredients, create an
product that impulse purchase or a
product that make it kind of seem new.
product trigger. You want to make sure
product, but they don't add it to cart
product, kind of like a gimmick that's
product. And so the person could see
product. I made it a little bit more
product. I need to buy this." So what we
product. Right here, we have timelines
product. So here's like a single product
product. So right now I haven't clicked
product. So, we want to feature that.
product? Anything like that. Of course,
production, supreme comfort, let people
products and you get 20 20% off custom
products are a little bit more expensive
products are different than like other
products are featured in emails. So,
products coming out, you can use this
products from your store as long as you
products in a cool info product. We
products of different colors. And then
products or linking to collections. So
products that we want to use. All right.
products then you probably want to show
products uh releasing, sign up for SMS
products, and offer support. We just
products, notes from the founder, all
products, they don't add any items to
products, they need to have shop now
products. And then, I like how this is
products. So this is what we're looking
products. So what we did here, we made
products. So you can see right here
products. So you have these and then
products. So, it's been about 10 minutes
products. You can see the win back flow
products." But maybe they're in a buying
professional and effective this is. So
professional to help put these designs
profile that's going to fire the active
profiles. Now, the possibilities of
profiles? And if they don't engage,
profit. Discounts and free gifts just
profitable funnel that predictably gets
profitable machine that you can just
proof and risk reversals right here. And
proof, some unique selling propositions,
proof. Perfect. Then right here for a
property for gender. If they click this
property. You might already have it in
proposition. Then we just cleaned this
provide the essential nutrients and this
psychological reasons that this form
psychologically get the customer to buy,
psychologically humans love. We're going
pulled back on cuz we found it's not
punchy, and optimized for mobile first.
punchy. Somebody can look at this email
purchase. So something like, "Hey, get a
purchasers. So, somebody who hasn't
purchases are lost forever. Instead, we
purely educational, especially if your
purpose is to give the customer their
push people towards. Email one, we want
pushing people to place their order with
put in my phone number." And then this
put in the footer right here with just
put it in the bottom left corner. The
put our social media on the popup. Like,
put that in here for now, and then we'll
put the close button somewhere else in
put the navigation buttons at the footer
put this in. And oh, perfect. Oh, this
put, the more overwhelmed the customer
quality. So, let's go back into Clavio.
quality. We've got your back and stand
question block goes a long ways. So, I
question right here. And then having
question. So, they're going to answer
questions and get rewarded for it, you
questions, our support team is always
questions. This frequently asked
quick questions and we should be good to
quick section on this and then I took
quick social proof and remind the
quickly answer the question, remind the
quiz question then it's the same sort of
quiz-based pop-up where we had multiple
quiz.
quiz. The quiz is the same sort of deal
random sample. And then we can do a
rate is so low because there are just so
rate. First, low barrier to entry. It
rates aren't something that you need to
rates consistently, but that's just
rates on the welcome flow right here.
rates, but for some reason it just does.
rather than overwhelming with a ton of
rather than saying take XYZ discount, if
read when your eyes are going back and
ready to assist you. Just reply to this
ready to browse. So, we put these in the
ready to go, I'll just fill this in
reality people just want their discount
really bringing in a lot of revenue
really cool look. And then we can add a
really don't want to over send them.
really gets used to them and there's no
really good as well is a free gift with
really good right here. And then we have
really good sub headline. And then let's
really good visual. So, I want to have a
really just depends brand to brand.
really just that simple. So to create
really minimal. We can click on this.
really only three options that you need
really specific with what our emails
really the only segments that you should
really want to hit home, which is make
really well. So today I'm going to show
really what's going to make the
really work? Or you can do a how-to and
really, really well. Trending
reason for someone to open this email?
recommend if you have an AOV of above
recommend just focus on broader
recommend that you run for the welcome
recommend that you write the copy like
recommend you use any other platform
recommended to start. It's your base
recreate this for some different product
rectangle. Align this up. Make a white
rectangle. Make it that color. And then
rectangle. Maybe duplicate it. Maybe I
regenerative agriculture goals,
reinventing the wheel. Stick with what
related. Look at that. That looks This
release because I assume they'll be
releasing items. So that's an example.
reliable your brand is. We have
remaining products, added in the
remind their customers. And so I think
reminded of the discount, which is going
reminded the brand and its mission.
reminder because these just work like
reminder of the welcome discount every
reminder, almost there, one click away.
reminder, your welcome discount expires
reminder. But if we click onto this, we
reminders of who we are cuz again, this
reminders, the better. So, right here, I
reminders. Doing a textbased email,
reminders. Then also featuring past
remover, we can remove background.
repeat CTAs two to three times through
repeat purchases out of these leads.
replace, add like a branded picture,
replay the animation. Super easy. And
replicate your brand and your story. The
represent. So we do that. We have staff
requirements like demark which is just
research enhances the speed and accuracy
resources that I gave you. So now let's
rest is also coming from SMS, which I'll
rest, whatever we wanted to do in this
restock or some sort of relaunch sort of
restock. Here you can see the revenue
results and then some examples of what
results in monthly calendar example for
results of all of this by sending to the
results that we did over these forms.
results were never like this the whole
revenue $212,000 and then SMS $287,000
revenue as well. More people on your
revenue coming from our emails and our
revenue coming in. And then as the brand
revenue cuz we changed this as well
revenue from these email flows. This
revenue going from $7,000 per month to
revenue is going to plateau. Whereas we
revenue on the table, or they're sending
revenue which I showed you over time.
revenue. So, we always cut that and keep
revenue. So, what I'm going to do is I'm
revenue. You can see we changed welcome
review, they only have the checkout
reviewing emails that are designed,
reviewing tens of thousands of emails
reviews. Typically, I like to do only
rid of the bridge section and just go
right at the beginning of the email
right at the top. That is what high
right content, you're not just spamming
right corner of your pop-up forms. Why?
right direction and then promote some of
right here and browse by goal, prevent
right here and then it'll show up just
right here and then reminded the
right here and then we change change
right here and then write whatever you
right here and this just makes it super
right here and we're going to be going
right here as well, specifically just
right here for like a clothing brand
right here for the background and then
right here how we want it. Looks super
right here inside of Figma. So, what
right here on this form and do a
right here since starting this flow. And
right here so it's easy for customers to
right here so that they're hugged
right here that they let us do with like
right here throughout the whole email.
right here to 4 hours. And then we are
right here uh that we did on the design
right here we have a textbased email
right here where we can see welcome to
right here, I know this is kind of hard
right here, I'll send it to the back.
right here, all I did was I made it
right here, carrying a lot of the fun
right here, this goes over the top. So,
right here, this is in my cart. And
right here, this is more of a celebrity
right here, this is one where we're just
right here, when we're asking somebody,
right here, which is just a database of
right here, which we've actually just
right here. And I think I'm literally
right here. And all we're going to be
right here. And most brands just have a
right here. And then just added a couple
right here. And then just like that, we
right here. And then let's end with our
right here. And then this kind of looks
right here. And then we'll see what we
right here. And we have these little
right here. And what I would do is I
right here. And you can even click right
right here. But I want to have an image
right here. Crazy. I don't understand
right here. Even if something doesn't
right here. Go back here. Copy and paste
right here. I like to make my emails 600
right here. I think that this is pretty
right here. I usually like to do a brand
right here. I'm just going to say give
right here. If you click on it, you can
right here. In email marketing past 30
right here. It's added as a Shopify app.
right here. It's just slightly smaller
right here. Obviously, it's pulling in
right here. Peanut butter. And actually,
right here. So, all I'm going to do is
right here. So, it's very simple. Start
right here. So, what if I just literally
right here. Super clean and simple.
right here. Then you click on next. You
right here. There's the girl's
right here. Time delay. We're going to
right here. Um and um just to show that.
right here. We write some copy on
right here. You can see the collection
right here. You can see there are two
right here. You don't need to overthink
right here. Your passport to summer.
right here. and then more social proof
right in here and then you can also add
right in the middle right here. Make
right inside of Clavio. And now I'm
right into here. And boom, this is our
right now. So, I think I'm going to get
right off the bat. We're asking the
right there from potential subscribers.
right up at the top of the email. You
right when a customer clicks on one of
right, going to bring in more revenue on
right, so this is what we came up with.
right, so we can see it spitting out
rising and to be honest with you,
road dictionary section right down here.
road right here. Same sort of deal. I
rogue here cuz kind of what I want to do
room is your customers are comparing you
rounded and they have a black border. So
run email marketing at the highest level
run them into this system and winning
run. The brands who are utilizing modern
running SMS for this brand. If you have
safe, we like to send three to four
sale for St. Patrick's Day. And then
sale right here. Free hat with orders
sale that is taking up two emails. And
sales if you're more targeted and more
sales per month and you might be
sales such as your limited discounts.
sales that you could be running. So use
sales, product drops, back in stock
same sort of deal with our prior welcome
same thing here. changed the call to
same type of visuals to the list over
sat down and looked at your email
sauce. These are literally plain text
save costs by having this only be one
save money on our Clavio bill. And right
saving margins first and then if we
saw a lot of brands whose cost per
say like pair with these different
say no thanks, I'll pay at full price.
say something like claim now. Boom.
say you need like 2 to 3% placed order
say you've got 21% back. So, it's doing
saying like, you know, we have over 200
saying, "Hey, this collection is going
says peanut butter and it looks just
says they're targeting women, people of
scalability compared to platforms like
scale profitably. To put simply, they're
scale so fast. And I did find one thing
scale with your business, you're going
scale. Number four, it increases your
scales, the list and total revenue will
scammed online buying before. Why not go
science and also something cool is
scroll all day every day. They need
scroll to the bottom, they don't like
scroll, so put a CTA button in the hero
scroll. Most users are not going to
scroll. So that's what we're doing here.
scrolling. Their attention spans are
search for the correct flow here. We
season. Banger. Shop black pieces right
second email which is going to be text
second highest level AB test is your
seconds of someone's attention. Your
seconds to get that first email to get
seconds. Remove this scroll. Remove the
secret sauce. In 2025 and 2026, we need
section and any of our general CTAs, we
section and then finally the footer at
section because everybody reads a PS
section explaining it. Then a product
section flow a little bit better. I
section here. Really all I care about is
section is every item needs to have a
section is pretty much good to go. Let's
section like this to bring it all
section on why choose us, which helps
section so every reader can see it
section taken from this section and they
section to help it flow into this uh
section tying in your brand and how your
section with a brand summary. So
section with what makes us different.
section, I'm just going to line these
section, added the little hearts to go
section, ask the question, how does it
section, tie in your brand. So we can
section. And this looks pretty good. I
section. But again, you can see how
section. I probably want some sort of
section. Just have a hero section with
section. So right here, just posting the
section. So, we wanted to add that.
section. Um, and then add in the product
section. We could get rid of this if we
section. We're going to take all of our
sections and it just flows really well.
sections because each individual section
sections right here. Push them up. Maybe
sections where it's actually pulling
sections, it's going to alternate the
sections, showing both women and men's
sections. If you want to have a look at
sections. So, I entered this into a
see campaigns, which is this is what
see exactly how it works and kind of the
see for this skinincare brand they start
see here like this example for aloe. If
see how it looks for everything. All
see how simple this is. Just a simple
see if I can find how they have executed
see if it is being tracked. If it's not,
see if you have this in Claio just by
see it analyzed the website and kind of
see it gets a lot bigger right here.
see like why would you go with our meal
see right here because everyone deserves
see right here, there's going to be a
see right here, this is a product which
see right here, which is a great
see right here. You can see the
see some categories right here. And you
see that there's no revenue coming in.
see the immersiveness right here. This
see the open rates are all 60 to 70%
see the results right here. Then that
see they do just over $100,000 a month
see this is like a sustainability
see this is like an FAQ email of what
see those images go full bleed now. And
see what this is tracking. Again, 80% of
seeing the actual insides and what the
seem like a friend is reaching out.
seen it go a wide range. So, to A to B
seen over 15 different pop-up form
segment. Only send our emails to our
segmentation and only send to people who
segmentation are going to be improved
segmentation are literally endless, but
segmentation based on engagement. So
segmentation is going to be is engage
segmentation only to people who are
segmented specific emails. So these are
segments that I have. So persons placed
segments there. Then, number two,
segments. Typically, the main segment
sell clothing. always finish with a shop
sellers and exactly why people like it
sellers or you could say directly like,
sellers. You're all set. So those are
selling fast." So pushing people to shop
send extra emails for them or we can set
send on the 23rd, 24th, 27th, 29th,
send one to two hyperargeted campaigns
send segment. If we even went one
send them content on what happens to be
send them extra content to try to get
send typically 15 to 18 emails per month
sending aimless emails with no actual
sending as people complete that action.
sending one to two times per week, the
sending out to the list. And then you
sending provider, specifically for
sending three times per week would be.
sending three to four email campaigns
sending to and we're only sending to
sending to the list. Such as if there's
sent you, you get 20% off. So all you
sent you," you can get 10% off. But
sent. And people just kind of need a
sentence of copy. You can add that to
separate from our competitors or like us
separate my forms, have a mobile one and
sequence of emails that we like to send
serious. And 95% of the brands I audit
set it as the background. zoomed in a
set the different parameters that you
set up our core SMS flows with one to
set up your email account, how to grow
set up. Email flows are the automated
setting up your email marketing, I don't
seven and eight figure e-commerce
seven figure brands, and this is the
seven, eight figureure e-commerce
sexy graphic design is extremely
shades out, your shades your style. And
shadow in front of it so it's nice and
she created these products that do this
shoot, continue. That means I'm not
shop Valentine's Day. Shop by category
shop hoodies, shop t-shirts, shop socks,
shop men up here at the top, but we
shop now button and then woman versus
shop now button because if you just show
shop now button so the customer knows
shop now button, but that's okay. And
shop now buttons for all of these
shop now right here. And then we have
shop now.
shop now. Perfect. So that's that last
shop. The person might not want to read
short and sweet. That's what we want for
short as possible, but there's a video
short, punchy, personal. It's coming
should be doing. So, first up, we have
should be perfect. Look at this. Not too
should show up. And right here we can
should you send? We have a few different
shouldn't be unless you're doing over 1
show attention or click on one of your
show for a new account. All you have to
show on. I'll just say all pages. I'll
show the 40% off price. I found this is
show the dynamic item that the person
show the product. And so I'm probably
show you. So, make sure you check that
showed that seven out of 10 of
showed what they were showing in a
showed you up above earlier in the deck.
showed you. Sometimes those personal
showing different testimonials right
showing general products. So, we can
showing how our products are different
showing off some of our products right
showing that product, we want to show
showing the product. Now, we need kind
showing those testimonials is the better
shown. I thought this was cool. You have
shows up under the subject line with
shows you a ton of really good emails
side a little bit and do something like
side and the main things that we want to
side, making it a little bit fun that
sign from the customer and then again
sign up forms and your list growth. I
sign up to the email list, you get all
signed up for. They're here to get their
signing up. Waiting a couple days and
signup form builder. We have the
signup forms right here. So think like
silver platter, they are not going to
simple all these emails here are. Don't
simple form in their face where it's
simple image, but I like my forms to be
simple just with what it already is. And
simple of a design as possible. Don't do
simple product grid. Not very immersive
simple product section right down here
simple reminder being like hey take
simple right when they open the email.
simple this is and how easy it is for
simple this textbased email is. It's not
simple to see. Right when the person
simple way, which is going to be great
simple. Grow your email and SMS list. So
simple. So, that's the abandoned cart
simple. This is short and concise. And
simplicity just converts better. Now,
simply get people to click and browse
since I last did this. But essentially,
since we have this piece of her that's
single day. So we're all good to go
single month if you do not have these
single one is going to be different
single time. A big mistake is I see a
site traffic and acquire customers,
site. So somebody goes to the website
size 18. Centered it just like this.
size. Usually about 500 in height right
skeptical sort of like customer right
skim and understand. We have comparison
skim our email in 3 seconds, it's not
skimable and punchy. We create email
slaps. So that's very much in his voice.
slaps. So that's what I'm going to go
slice tool to slice this email.
slices to our emails down here at the
slices wherever they are, upload them
slicing up our emails into small
slide. And also you can use AI to
small for your targeted stuff and you're
snow into the white background behind
so a month. The checkout abandoned. Then
so close to buying, they just need a
so good and then just feature the
so how do we design emails? We like to
so instead, what I'm going to do here is
so it looks like it flows and it's super
so it's a little bit personal, some more
so much more interactive for the
so soft. I love the copy. Their copy is
so that person can buy the bests
so that we can write the copy. Friends
so that you can continue to convert
so the customer doesn't need to scroll.
so this is Ray-B bands for example. This
so this is how you can customize your
so we're going to send them to the spam
so you can look at the different
so you make the rest of the email white
so, without a pop-up form, you're just
social media and then educating on the
social media links right here.
social proof and testimonials and then a
social proof but mostly mixing in other
social proof filler email inside your
social proof right here. You can see
solid. Peanut butter. That slaps. Let's
solve? Then they know that we're going
some ads and people would buy. And then
some education to the customer list,
some for some aloe. Click on woman and
some further education all throughout
some ideas. So, if I go to Calvin
some in one of your CTAs. And then
some life. Look at the little like paper
some more life. And we'll do that for
some of the text. You can test subject
some of these from their website, and I
some of these ideas, read some of this,
some of these parts." And so, we want a
some of these we could we could clean up
some other images and then like your
some reason, people just interact with
some reason, psychologically in humans,
some selling points right here. And you
some social proof and instead of carton
some social proof campaign celebrity
some sort in the top section. Usually
some sort of a warm quote or intro
some sort of list. Couldn't find
some sort of photo gallery here. I'm
some space for something to fit in. And
some testimonials and then doing a um
some urgency on the product. Heavy
somebody bought a while ago. We can say
somebody buys a product thanking them
somebody doesn't use their discount,
somebody has done, and then we choose
somebody has viewed product zero times
somebody joins the email list. And the
somebody knows they're going to have to
somebody loads their page. We're going
somebody options so that we can get data
somebody requests to be notified when an
somebody signs up, we just say, "Welcome
somebody to click this X button rather
somebody views a product and then
somebody wants to shop for something
somebody's answering this first
somebody's first name in a subject line,
someone buys. We want to have an
something as simple as an email pop-up,
something as straightforward as, hey,
something is back in stock, that means
something just like this. I couldn't
something kind of like this. But, I'm
something like 75. I'm going to separate
something like a,000. And then we can
something like peanut butter that slaps.
something like taking down big chocolate
something like this, this and this are
something like this. change the size to
something like, "We're so happy to have
something needs to get pre-ordered or
something on mil. I think Monk Pack is
something super simple. I think this
something that people are worried about.
something that we really want to promote
something,
something, you're much more likely to
something. Yeah, like this is perfect.
something. or maybe they're going to
something?" Or you could be more
sort of images you want, maybe you don't
sort of letter to the customers which is
sort of like welcome pack or if your
sort of novelty factor that
sort of templates. Super simple. So all
sort of thing here. Skims wave at the
sort. always remind of the discount in
sorts of data about our customers. So I
sorts of different stuff that you can
sounds better? 5% off or $50 off? We
sourcing. This is exactly what that
sourcing? So, I'd probably say something
sparingly, but still use them. You can
specific action on your website such as
specific product or category and send
specific product. And then a
specific promotions, two community or
specific thing on your website. And then
specifically about underwear, we could
specifically for fashion brands because
spend more ads on. So that is what we're
spend, their ad traffic. We have a
spending a lot more to get people to
spending in store. So, what I'm going to
spending money on ads right now because
spin to wins, that's something that you
spot. Then if you're over 1 mil a month,
spots, the fastest growing brands are
spreading this out a little bit. And
staff's pick. And then lots of outfit
stand out cuz they're the only thing
stand out is with your content, your
stand out. There is no button in this
start finding people in this segment.
started checkout with it, or they've
started spreading this propaganda that
started working with them in October,
started working with this brand which
started. And then the filter will just
started. So Clavio actually has a big
starting out with. So, the first part of
starting to get a lot of popularity. And
state of 2026 e-com I want to go in a
state of the market in 2025 in 2026. We
statistics, that's a sort of infographic
stats are for a real brand we're
staying top of mind and so you're kind
staying top of- mind with customers for
steal ideas and you could use this
stealing inspiration and emails that I
step after that and they're like, "Ah, I
step increases the pop-up conversion
step that we had. Create an email
step, we need to add this button down
step. So, just lay it out in plain
steps of using the peptide lip treatment
still active for use. Then include a
still easy for the customer to skim. You
still get this return, but get more out
still promote this and use that angle.
stimulus checks like in 2020, you're
stock email, which actually works
stop people from converting. We want to
stop people from those who place order
store revenue is up 70% in this past 12
store revenue right here. See total
store revenue. So, let's take a look at
store. So, I just went ahead and plugged
store. So, typically something like
stores every single day which is crazy.
story and a lot of people will naturally
story email as the next one here. So, we
story email, which typically all follow
story email. We want to build trust by
story, and more importantly, how you
story-based emails, which are great.
storytelling and value ad content just
straight to email. But test them all.
straight to the product section. So, we
straight to the products and showing the
straight up addressing the question. How
straightforward one for UGG. Um, there's
straightforward right in the copy. So,
straightforward, but you can add in
straightforward. Let's just add a line
strategically build out your calendar
strategies and the accounts. So, this is
strategies like the ones I'm showing you
strategy behind them. And then they
strategy for SMS is we only want to send
strategy right off the bat. What is the
strategy that we're doing for this
strategy, what exactly are we doing in
strategy. Because like I said, every
stretch your ad dollars. Instead of
strike through right here. And then I
strong retention survived. In 2024 we
struggling to scale at a profit. So,
studying the smartest and the fastest
stuff I'm just eyeing it. That's why I
stuff here. We can do birthday cake
stuff like this. You can see you can put
stuff so I can create those. Okay, so I
stuff. If you can and you're on Shopify,
stuff. Really heartfelt. It gets you to
styles you can choose from and try to
styling. So bold look breakdown,
sub headline if we don't want to. We're
subject line and preview text. And now
subject line and the preview text. So
subject lines and preview text. You
subject lines and preview texts. This is
submit button. And that ties into the
submit rate for the top one, which was
submit rate on the right side. 7.3%
subscribed, they've received at least
subscriber. So, I kind of like this.
subscribers closer to their conversion.
subscribers per month. and their
subscribers. That is a 4x in their email
subscribers. They were getting $56,000
subscribers. they're going to join the
subscription." You get a ton of fall-off
subset of people who meet a certain
subtle category links, but really we
success page, just start shopping right
successful campaigns into your welcome
such a high frequency. Then we have the
such as doing like us versus them, like
suck at email design and you just want
sugar, 100% gluten-ree. Oh, I just went
summary before they continue shopping.
summary up here at the top with a punchy
summer that you might want to use. Love
sunglasses. Because it's a custom shades
sunset flow, which the purpose is not to
super brief, then of course you can do
super clear right in the person's face.
super clearly for the customer. This
super cool take on this email. Hi, I'm
super duper simple. Last chance for 10%
super easy to do and they also can build
super easy. Literally just go to
super easy. We have these two steps, the
super effective for sales. Do the same
super pretty email, but it might not get
super quick. So, we need to make them
super simple. You can just do whatever
super specific that makes it a lot more
supplement or bundle based brands. Show
supplement you're underusing, your gains
support team. All you want to do is
support team. Offer support. Hey, I
support them. And then there's a cool
support. They'll give you the correct
suppress these unengaged profiles. So,
suppressing these people every month on
sure our welcome flow includes. First
sure these are big. Just copy and
sure these metrics are properly firing.
sure to not do two big image slices
sure to offer support and mention your
sure we go all the way to the edge right
sure we have a well-trained AI that
sure you have that. And then we can
sure you have this button up at the top
sure you watch this whole thing because
surprised and they want new. Okay. So,
survive. That is what we really want to
sustainability section for the bridge
sustainabilitydriven packaging. Okay,
sustainable and good for the
sustainable cotton right here. Um, if I
sweet spot is usually four to five. But
sweet. Let's move this down cuz we have
switch the transition from blue
switch this to an image cell content.
system dialed. So this is how we are
systems for recovery. I'm going to break
table that we're going to introduce
take it away. Zuck cannot shut down your
take them to a general landing page. And
take this as well. Do we think that that
take. So, when a customer does something
taking you through the performance here
talk about email marketing in 2025. Now,
talk about okay, what is ethical
talk about our filler emails, aka our
talk about the SMS flows. SMS flows we
talk about the whole process from
talk like a friend." Just right here.
talking about a lot of the ingredients
talking about in these videos and what
talking about the benefit. And then in
talking about. My name is Max, founder
targeted campaigns based on product
taste of Pedal Commander's commitment to
taught me something which I love. And it
teaching email strategy like this. So,
team member, and they cut through all
team. So, let's go over these examples.
teaser, which is going to be this little
tech fleece. So mixing in a little bit
teeth because I don't use auto layout or
teeth whitening possible?" answering the
tell Google and Yahoo that seven out of
tell, a lot more advanced than the one
tells somebody you already have this
template and then it is going to fire
template cuz there are a couple things
template if I want to do one and
template right here. And then we just go
template, we want a hero section with a
template. And then we want text only
templates right here inside this dummy
templates that are working today,
templates that we can go off of for our
templates that we can use. We have the
templates. Then also email donut which
tend to follow through on actions once
term. It's that simple. Yet so many
terms of revenue right here and what the
test 15% off versus something like $10
test the time delay, you have to kind of
testimonial email. The hero section is
testimonial sort of email with like a
testimonial. Um, love it. And it's a
testimonials for social proof. us versus
testimonials in a full email. And then
testimonials of these different products
testimonials. That's what builds
testing new pop-up forms every single
tests and optimization because this is
tests that we set up. So, how do we do
tests that you should be running. The
tests. If you're getting millions of
text box below with instructions for the
text like you're one click away. And I
text messages with over $500,000 a month
text, then there's no reason for them to
text. And you can put in your copy right
textbased email per week on top of that.
textbased emails be any of these content
textbased emails because this is the
textbased emails which are the secret
textbased emails, which I will show you,
textbased emails. We need to be
textbased last chance having a lot of
textbased like we have for our second
textbased one and then this is going to
textbased support email. Something that
texts per month to preserve our urgency
than clicking outside this form and it
than ever. Customers are getting harder
than going through this and then like,
than like $5 off. What does work really
than other competitors in the clothing
thank you. Going to capitalize this
thanks. Then this next step, just adjust
that I changed. I added in all the
that I like. These are all non-discount
that I personally have done with my
that I showed you versus like doing more
that I want to use. If we drag it in
that I'm looking at this, this is kind
that X in the top right corner, have a
that a customer is on your email list
that a founder personally reaching out
that a lot in their um in their um
that already looks a little bit better.
that are new or they haven't experienced
that at the bottom. Um, and then a
that bad. Cool. Let's try this out and
that cart abandoned one, but we can see
that discount. So I'd probably do
that doesn't mean they're going to keep
that email and plug it into our welcome
that email, that person's lost. At least
that first step. And all we want to do
that for post purchase right after
that generate 38% of your total revenue
that gets people to unsubscribe. People
that has an image, they paid three times
that here, even on this button, we can
that in. Now, let's get the body copy.
that is a good way to look at everything
that is extra revenue off of their
that is the full strategy that you need
that is viewable right when the customer
that it was in high demand, which tells
that it went out of stock, which means
that just have these mistakes. Um, but
that just works super super well. So
that out doing those text based emails
that page, and then go to like general
that people want to listen to." And so,
that pop-up form. What emails are we
that says email. I guarantee the email
that says no thanks. I'll pay at full
that segmentation in place. And so, here
that slaps. So, I think we can do
that stand out. The first thing that we
that textbased personal reminder also
that the customer could leave your site
that there's a discount in there. The
that these did multiple days in a row
that they can click and go shop that
that they don't have decision fatigue.
that they like, they could scroll to the
that they placed an order. And we can
that they take very seriously that not
that they were highlighting and pushing
that they're sending including their
that this is cool if you want to push
that this is cool. Instock launches and
that was like the angle we went with
that we are clear on again is good
that we can actually see it. And then I
that we can shoot for. Those are the
that we did was we just added the logo
that we do is we design these emails.
that we do. And I always like to end off
that we have setup, let's actually talk
that we love using. Avoid all blocks of
that we need to focus on for our email
that we need to follow like for
that we need to make sure we have in
that we used, but we've absolutely
that we want to highlight in this email.
that we want. And we're sending these
that we were achieving for them. Now
that we're confident in that we want
that we're doing is mixing our graphic
that we're going to want to send to is
that we're legit. This is going to
that we're only sending emails to people
that we're optimized for our phone and
that welcome flow, which was performing
that you add is going to increase the
that you are considering these things.
that you are sending, but what exactly
that you can do and I have other videos
that you can judge yourself if you'd
that you have that. The next on top of
that you need is right here. You can go
that you send 95% of your sends with.
that you want to have set up. These are
that you won't find elsewhere. And I
that you'll notice? Well, first it looks
that you're blasting out to the list,
that you're going to be retaining a lot
that you're running AB tests over time
that you're sending out to the list. So
that you're using, mainly Clavio, are
that your engagement will decrease over
that's a little bit on signup forms and
that's big. And you can look at their
that's it. And then make your emails
that's lined up. And then boom, export
that's really not necessary unless
that's set in stone. So we have this as
that's too much, just run it for a
that's underlined. And also in the color
that's way too many emails." But look at
that's what the majority of these
that's what's going to fire this trigger
that's where it's at, you just want to
that, I have other videos on my channel
that, that first email needs to fire
that. And then coming up on this next
that. And then we want a product section
that. Because, for example, if a
that. I like to try to get the sale by
that. Just ask for somebody's email. And
that. So, ours look pretty different,
that. That's too much work. Then we also
that. This is brilliant. And the odds
the 30 minute time delay on this side.
the COVID era, but now it really takes
the FAQ itself for the hero question
the amount of people that you can market
the background. And so, if we go to
the background. So, if we put this
the barrier to entry seems super low for
the best AB test that you should run to
the best sellers. And then the next
the best tool. Highly recommend using
the biggest size that you'd want, it's
the bottom. That's how most emails will
the brand and deliver our incentive.
the brand. that has to send immediately.
the branding.
the brands I audit don't have a flow for
the bridge section, they're answering
the browse abandoned flow. if I were to
the button and but the discount was way
the button high up in the email so the
the button, the higher the clicks.
the campaigns are the one-time emails
the campaigns. So, the campaigns are the
the cart and checkout abandoned flows
the categories. So you can see some
the cheapest, highest leverage way to
the checkout abandon are the two main
the checkout page. We can just go guest
the checkout started trigger, which if
the content strategy. Our messages need
the cool like Figma tools. A lot of this
the copy here. Adjust these. And this
the copy was right here. And then we are
the customer doesn't need a scroll. You
the customer is caring about. So as an
the customer is craving human
the customer is much more likely to
the customer kind of like see things
the customer or you could do static and
the customer sees that, that looks like
the customer to get them to enter their
the customer to make their choice so
the customer to understand this. Instead
the customer. And then third, super
the customer. And then we have this one
the customer. So that is Whoop. Now
the customer. We want to remove all
the designs are really elevated because
the different features or parts of our
the dimensions. So, I'm just going to do
the discount can only last so long.
the discount code super clear and then
the discount code. That's what a welcome
the discount every single time in one of
the discount is really weird. It's 21%.
the discount. Literally no supporting
the discount. We're just going to keep
the dynamic content for abandoned
the email is going to look like just so
the email list that you can convert.
the email list, but these could easily
the email list. So, we went with eight
the email marketing revenue. You can see
the email side of things. You can see
the email. Boom. Kiss the sun back.
the email. So you can see CTA right
the email. That's not what the person
the engaged 60 days. So, I just
the exact strategy and the exact numbers
the fam, a brief intro, place to
the filler emails. You can use any one
the first step, like the little corner
the flows side of things. So, if I had
the footer in case somebody uh might
the footer, super straightforward. All
the footer. So get creative, mess
the form, like at the bottom under the
the four money-making abandonment flows
the frame that you slice, you can export
the funnel is going to be viewed
the funnel, but we want to make sure
the gap. We need to overcome objections,
the goal is to get the customer back on
the headline, sub headline, body copy.
the headline. We don't need to have a
the hero section so the customer sees it
the hero section. So, this brand right
the hero sections of these email. So,
the kill, we had we added blood. And
the lady like going over top the frame.
the last email, doing something like why
the link to the help center or also give
the list that you want these people to
the logo and everything kind of to the
the main thing is the offer 5% off.
the men's for this sort of link right
the metric. So in this case, I want to
the milk. D packed with protein, zero
the most used mode of communication on
the new shopping mall. Um, people are
the noise, and they just feel way more
the offer. 10% off. Anything that isn't
the onboarding checklist which it'll
the other platform, Alia Learn, right
the other side. This is going to be the
the other. But maybe that's fine right
the past 30 days that we've implemented
the past 30 days. Email marketing
the past 30 days. So, as far as the
the past like month or so. Some of the
the person came. If you look at email
the person to their cart. Again, it'll
the person's product on the left and
the planet, which is email. Pretty
the post-purchase flow when somebody
the pre-order and then the discount rate
the product here so that we can have it.
the products are. Are you having a night
the proof that our products work. This
the property and set the value as
the quickest, most concise emails that
the results. We can see the revenue for
the revenue for brands just by the
the revenue for most of these if we
the same ad spots, increasing the
the same equal weight and impact. This
the same flows for abandoned cart and
the same sort of information but in a
the same time, conversion rates are down
the scenes look of a brand that I'm
the sections just a little bit more. We
the side, but it can be okay here and
the site to browse products. And we have
the six-pack. Now, what we can do for
the sizing, make it all on one line.
the skinny jeans. And you don't want to
the slice tool does is anything within
the story behind it and then some images
the styles you wear on repeat. Banger.
the these little outlines and the black
the three principles for email copy that
the top brands and a lot of the top
the top brands. Aloe, Dr. Squatch,
the top of the email. We'll have a
the total store revenue. And then SMS
the tour. And here I have just like
the trigger is actually checkout
the very least, we need to underline the
the welcome flow and at minimum we're
the what ethical sourcing means at
the win back flow, but this is going to
the world at their fingertips and it's
their before email. What's something
their discount code or to learn about
their email address. They need something
their email, which we don't want to do
their emails. They're just skimming them
their face. button way up at the top of
their fitness tracker, we're performance
their life. There might be 4,000 people
their objections? And is buying our
their old form at 7% and some of the
their peanut butter uh product right
their revenue plateaus. This new
their support team. You don't need to be
their thumb is moving to the top right
their website on their ethical sourcing
their website visitors into email
their zombie-like scroll state. So, what
them a little bit of brand information.
them as image slices as PGs. And then we
them be the same. And so, what we see
them being like, "Hey, we know you're
them bigger. Just play around with it
them content. And then also, we can
them down. This is what ethical sourcing
them emails for fraction of pennies to
them engaged with your emails because if
them feel confident taking the next
them from our list so that we are not
them just converts better in most cases.
them of the first item they checked out
them on a design tool such as Figma,
them our bests sellers to make their
them that option. So, this is looking
them the click on a silver platter.
them the information that they actually
them to buy. So what we get is around
them to cross the line. We can also have
them to purchase again. We've got four
them to stay subscribed. We have a
them, how you compare to competitors,
them. And not a lot of brands are doing
them. And then following it up again
them. So, in order to upload this into
then SMS a step after, it's the same
then also a quiz so I can show you guys
then also mixing in some text based
then also placed order. Somebody places
then also somebody hasn't gone to
then also we want to do has not been in
then another email and then waiting 4
then answering some frequently asked
then body copy down here and then two
then boom, they can start shopping. That
then boom, we're all set there. Confirm
then boom. This should be pretty good.
then convert them after we have their
then email three and four is where we
then email two just waiting one day
then give some brief product
then have a call to action. And then
then have a simple product section as
then have the footer navigation. So
then inside it looks the exact same as
then it's going to be male and if they
then it's just like super bland. The
then just bridge section, explain it in
then just disable your Clavio Shopify
then kind of put them back, but this is
then leads us to the Clavio dynamic
then leave and you don't have anything
then leaves, we want to have the dynamic
then maybe education on how that product
then monitor our results. If we have a
then move this stuff over as well. This
then of course we want to have a last
then own the darkness right here. Making
then preview text uh is going to be what
then red 30% off. And then shop now. I
then right here for just highlighting a
then set up another email just by
then shop new drops uh just to feature
then that site traffic is converting
then the information on the right. So,
then the last one here for the before
then the number of emails within each
then the output you can see here what
then the pre-order collection email
then there's an example of doing shop by
then they're automatically going to be
then this is an interesting one that you
then this is just a different part of
then this last one, AB test showing
then upload those sections back into
then visual right here. You can see the
then we can add the copy after this. So
then we can put in our different buttons
then we can see our different segments.
then we can see the real stories right
then we could center this how we want.
then we enter with the discount and then
then we have Athletic Greens right here
then we have a restock. So product
then we have mobile right here. Ideally,
then we have this one right here.
then we just say, "No thanks." And if
then we uh added that line, eternal
then we'll have the men's denim. add
then we'll try to get the discount. So
then we're going to have two products
then we're going to remind them twice
then you can see the different steps
then you can test from there. So, we can
then you have some issues. But right
there are a few non-negotiables that we
there for you to complete. So once you
there is a big concern. So we're
there is a stupid amount of value and
there needs to be some mechanism to get
there will immediately improve your
there's a lot of things that we could
there's an easy micro commit form right
there's going to be anybody who it
there's no button. If there was a button
there's something peanut butter. I'm a
there's the before and after for
there, that's also reducing risk for the
there. And boom. That looks really good.
there. And then new drops just in and
there. But definitely in our hero
there. Now, what if we wanted to do a
there. That's going to be the trigger
there. Typically for the welcome series,
these a little bit. But what we can do
these are pretty typical click rates
these are some key segments and use
these are the exact email campaign
these are the exact flows that we
these are two videos on my YouTube
these because we want to build trust.
these bottom sections. And then once we
these buttons are. Look at how massive
these colors. Just doesn't match the
these conversion rate optimization tips
these couple tweaks, which we did for
these different products just in case
these different products that go with
these emails in place are what are going
these emails. Um, and then kind of for
these examples right here, email one is
these examples. We don't want to
these forms for. You can see all the
these forms. There really only two
these image files because right now
these like flashing lines right here. I
these out. So, moving on to the next one
these past 30 days right here. See, we
these sections right here. Just going to
these steps to create our pop-up. So for
these three items. Put the give the
these tops and they're like, uh, I just
these. And so I found this. I've
these. And you can see this is very
these. I kind of like cuz he always says
these. So, this is what we've ended up
these. So, why would we do something
these. You could just look over time
they allow us to ascend this custom
they can avoid a little bit of designer
they can customize. The lens, the frame,
they can go to the main inbox. So, we
they can then educate over email to get
they don't want to buy a black tea, they
they first visit your site in 2025. And
they have ADHD. They need interaction
they have a button, their first button
they have all these colors. And so you
they have the navigation buttons at the
they haven't bought since to try to get
they just did icons. This is a gift that
they like. It's going to be much more
they might cuz like they they go to they
they need to be. Meanwhile, these smart
they see this, this is boring. This is a
they should go with your brand over one
they start a process. So in this case,
they start off the hero section just
they were so close. So, we're not afraid
they will keep uh keep opening your
they will sign up with their email just
they're bouncing. And so, if you don't
they're coming in. The hero image is
they're easy to tap. Look at how big
they're going to be sent your first
they're going to their website. They
they're guessing on what they send,
they're launching and then they don't
they're not going down. We're having to
they're not going to remember any of our
they're only going to wait maybe 30
they're only seeing like up until like
they're open to start scrolling. So, we
they're really big and really complex
they're sending. I noticed that they
they're showing exactly what's in our
they're trying to take down big
they're very, very small. We want to
they've been active on site. What you
they've placed an order in the last 90
they've placed no orders. Unengaged
they've understood is that ads are
thick when they're lined up. So, let's
thicker. And that seems to be good to
thing about like asking for somebody's
thing for this side. And we can actually
thing going on here with light versus
thing in the footer so that the customer
thing just right here as backgrounds,
thing that people really aren't aware of
thing that's going to stand out is right
thing that's missing here and also with
thing where we create a flow. And you
things and just having email first and
things like this. Oh, this would be
things out clearly for them so that they
things out like this. So, I highly
things out. You can have a personalized
things up. Don't go too crazy. Just use
things, which allows the customer to
think I just got inspiration from for
think I might just do I might just take
think if we end with like a final
think it's super fun and you can mix
think kind of goes well with like the
think that these are going to be sweet.
think that this is nice, clean, and
think that you can't do full image
think that's what I'm going to go for
think this is all good to design. Now
think, after we word smith this all in.
thinking of is having something like
third emails, third and fourth emails,
this Calvin Klein email using a cool
this Calvin Klein email. So, this is
this all caps right here and we make
this and buy it right now. That's what
this and it just converts like crazy.
this and see what we can come up with.
this and they're just going to
this are like probably gritting their
this background color, background image,
this because their documents and
this brand and I was like, "Okay, I like
this brand of the exact topics. So, we
this brand. So, exactly why do we want
this brand. This is something that's not
this brand? This is the stuff that the
this button, shop men's, and then boom.
this color just to make this match a
this discount. Tell us what problem
this email and then tying in our product
this email doesn't like any of these
this email. And then what we want to do
this first bullet point and see how this
this flow. So we want to change this to
this flow. You can do anything from 7 to
this for you, your 79 figure e-commerce
this going over the text. We want to
this headline where peanut butter isn't
this hierarchy right here. It's super
this if there was a button up here. We
this image that I want to drag in just
this in 2025, goes over everything that
this in and then we should get quite a
this in and you could do whatever you
this in just like this. And then you can
this in like the foreground. And it kind
this in place. Then we want a bridge
this in the past 7 days. This is
this inside of Clavia. So, what I like
this is a Clavio template, it already
this is a new thing coming out. because
this is a segment which I can show you
this is going to load just this plain
this is how I like to write copy. I like
this is inside of Figma, which is a
this is just to get them back on the
this is looking pretty pretty good. And
this is me. I'm Max, the founder of
this is the email that they did. These
this is what the segment builder looks
this is what we ended with. Went with
this is when it's end. And then I like
this isn't optimized at all. These are
this just a little bit more designed.
this last one here, there's a lot of
this little gear, viewed product. Use
this looks like that we could give to
this main hero image. And so we just do
this moat? and how do you make sure that
this on. And you just compare the
this one is the welcome discount. These
this one is. Even a blind person could
this one super thick just like that.
this one. Now, let's go to the Calvin
this one. Or you can do categories like
this out for our designers. Now, we
this point. So, you're just seeing this
this product and it absolutely crushes
this product image right here. So now we
this product section. It makes the email
this product versus this product. Super
this question in order to get their
this right here. So not too shabby. I
this run a second and see what it pops
this said close form. We just want it to
this section go over having the phone go
this section kind of like lay out and
this shop below to get yours. Your taste
this side this time, just to show you
this slice feature and slice up our
this slice tool. And essentially what
this slice. Copy and paste. Go over to
this sort of layout. We like this sort
this sub headline just super simple 40%
this template. And once we go inside, we
this text and maybe italicize it. Kind
this text out just so I can come back to
this textbased reminder, you can see,
this that first step the micro commit.
this time delay then to 1 hour. And just
this to be exactly halfway. Make sure
this to be to claim your discount. tell
this to give your designer some
this to say 10% off. Then you can change
this to the front. And then I'm going to
this to white. And so when it's
this trick right here called auto
this up every now and again. Then again,
this up for us so that we can create our
this video important? Ad costs are
this video. And so for Fastables, I'm
this video. So, we have abandoned cart
this was the exact image that I chose
this will directly increase our
this with these massive emails when in
this with this little box to give it
this, it could look a little better. Let
this, like the welcome series standard.
this, the perfect gift for every
this, we're going to want to do
this, what's going to happen is you are
this. And then we can do just like that.
this. And then we could have the other
this. And we could move this down a
this. But essentially, I said women's
this. I have also another tutorial on my
this. I like how educational this is,
this. It looks like this got messed
this. Placed order
this. This doc's going to be in the
this. This strategy that I found is
this. Um, breaking down the story
this? Let's get into it. Step one, we
this? like shop all tops. We always want
those filler emails, we want to go with
those segments, all we want to do is go
thousands of dollars for this brand if
thousands of new competitors launching
three SMS in each flow. And then of
three SMS messages being like, "Hey,
three emails right here in this flow,
three times or they've marked an email
three to four times per week and most
three, infographic of like new of like a
three, this is where we're going to do
through Shopify. You can see this one
through a couple of bad examples so you
through a magnifying glass, you're going
through in depth exactly what we changed
through it step by step. So I don't want
through the month. And we have the
through the noise. We talked about this
through these products and they're like,
throughout and then you are good to go.
throughout. And this is just going to
time as people aren't getting visually
time. Anytime you're highlighting a
time. Give some people some time to
time. I found that to be the optimal
time. It's about optimizing and learning
time. No GMOs, no palm oil, just real
timeline. This is a pretty cool idea.
timer right here counting down the timer
times these convert the best. Then we
tip, just send email campaigns to your
to actually join your email list. So, if
to actually visualize what my email is
to add another button down here. Just
to all be under 250 characters, which is
to all sorts of other brands and your
to appeal with that design style. This
to around the $200,000 per month mark.
to ask you for some information on the
to audience list and segments. We can
to avoid annoying the customer. People
to avoid nurture content in our SMS like
to be a different font, but this is what
to be a theme because that is what high
to be as low as like 4% but all the way
to be different things. So, let's say I
to be implementing tons of infographics
to be in the description. And that is it
to be less pushy. So, you can do 1 days
to be people who can receive email
to be switching to Claio. So, just start
to be the automated emails which are
to be the main revenue drivers for you.
to be. All righty. So, here is the final
to blend in, who embrace the dark side
to brand, whatever your brand is. And
to build trust and increase our
to buy from people. They don't want to
to cart but haven't made a purchase and
to cart trigger, that newer one right
to change the targeting right here to
to change this to a 30 minute delay.
to chat GPT. So what is the email about?
to choose from. We have the classic, the
to choose our popup type. So, what kind
to clone this email one and then name
to convert, we have to understand the
to convert. Test those against each
to create this. But typically we're
to design. Peanut butter. That slaps.
to designing. First thing I like to
to do a sales sort of email. And so,
to do is add more buttons just right
to do is this is going to separate her
to do pair with denim at the top. And
to do tips and tricks for whatever this
to do when I'm building these
to do. Click onto this. It's going to
to do. Now I want to talk about some AB
to do. This also matches their website
to dynamically load in what that person
to estimate, we'd probably be at double
to find some subtle differences, but
to finish our product sections with
to fire if I go to my cart and then
to fire it instantly because the person
to focus on signup forms? It's because
to four broader email campaigns that are
to gather somebody's phone number or
to get some ideas on different angles
to get somebody to buy is way more
to get them to cross the line. We have
to getting the discount. Might as well
to give people that option cuz they
to give us a little bit more depth. And
to go for like this little like lines,
to go off of a template. Clavio confuses
to go over through all these examples
to go to settings, and then you want to
to guide them into a purchase. Our
to have SMS for our big events. So that
to have a button way up high in the
to have at least three emails. I prefer
to have their thumb already start moving
to have to try something new. But right
to have you set up a branded email. It's
to help increase our engagement. So,
to help me out. This is a free custom
to help this transition cuz I'm going to
to include is a textbased email. These
to just be right here. um kind of just
to keep them engaged. And two times per
to keep your email list engaged. And so
to know this information and be able to
to lists, but they're different in one
to load up like this. And then we can
to make it seem too pushy. We want it to
to make sure that we're taking that into
to make sure we're mixing in personal
to monitor results that comes when
to next. And then we have different
to offer. But we're just going to start
to only include people who have recently
to people who aren't opening our emails,
to place one button at the end. We can
to put in the text with the percent off.
to put this together, but this is
to read blocks of copy. Your copy just
to read. I'd just say something like,
to remind them of the urgency because
to see if I can cut down on our lines by
to see what the discount is. And then
to see, and they stand out and cut
to see, but this is a brand a legacy
to send more than one text message. So
to send multiple reminders. Then we have
to send that to people at a specific day
to send the big stuff. So, save the
to send these textbased emails, you're
to shop this item right here. Shop black
to show for it, you don't have an email
to show that it's real. And so I'm just
to spend more on your ads while knowing
to stand out from the thousands of
to start out here so I can really
to take a while to scroll. So, I'm going
to talk about our flows which are going
to the Instagram and saying like, "Hey,
to the actual dynamic cart of this
to the back and then put you here. We're
to the cart, which is perfect. Now, if
to the customers. We design our emails
to the discount. Typically for clothing
to the micro commit, and that is the
to the other ones. We want to talk about
to the top right corner. We don't want
to the website to actually view these
to the website, but they don't view any
to their website and I found this. It
to their website and you'll get 20% off
to their website. And so, for this
to try to get conversions, which is just
to understand. Now, copy and design go
to use this pop-up form. We don't want
to use this product. That could be
to use this red color and we're just
to waste too much time going through
to your website, but they don't view any
to. We need to be sending 12 to 18 email
today. So if we start off here, we can
together an email. For this one, I'm
together generic approach, that's how
together my own unique email. And so
together unless you have a design
together, that should be pretty cool.
together. Change them to black. Put in
together. Reading and then visually
together. They are intertwined. As you
ton more. I did this because I wanted to
ton of different options for. And these
ton of different templates that you can
tone of voice. So I'm just going to send
tonight. Remind of the brand story. Make
tons of different variations for us to
too carried away from the basics. I
too long. And you can see right off the
too much. Don't distract. Don't have
tool auto layout and then it'll center
tool that I use for any like sort of
top hero section right here. Just nice
top of the email. When somebody's
top, early gift for you, and then I love
top, which are going to overwhelm the
top. Here's the discount. You still have
topics and what we're doing, we could
tops and then different bottoms, so you
tops. And so, um, this is the email that
tops. What happens if the person viewing
tops? They're just going to leave. But
total store revenue, resulting in on
touch that. Then you have audience. So
touches. People today want to buy from
touching the center. Typically, I don't
touching things up to be where I want it
tracker. Um, but essentially this is
traffic and nurture, convert, and get
traffic as possible so that we can then
traffic into owned traffic so that you
traffic that they do get isn't buying
traffic. They're going to your website.
transformation. So, for the hero
transformed everything. Through
transition. So I just found this little
transparency and people are going to
transparency and sourcing, no palm oils,
trending gift guides, or single product
trending tops. A couple things that
trigger an email flow, or you can send
trigger is somebody joins the newsletter
trigger that we want is active on site
trigger when somebody clicks on an
trust and their objections have been
trust the brand and really want to
trust the brand while also reminding of
trust us and get them to reach out if
trust us and then they're more likely to
trust you more. So, as a template, if
turn those live, create a mobile
tutorial breaks down all of these flows
two layout. This is what you need to
two social proof emails, two product
two to three of these every single
type B. And then here, it's spitting
types of forms right now. Now, give this
typical in terms of performance of each
typical. And these KPIs are pretty solid
typically for forms, what I like to do
typically like to do. I make this full
typically the sweet spot for retaining
typically with brands that have a higher
uh distance between them with something
uh get behind the brand. 100%
uh how to do the design here. And then
uh maybe we want to include an image
uh pixels wide. And then now we can kind
uh product section right here. And then
uh the engraving in the case, and then a
uh to the normal engaged lists for this
uh, I've already started with the
um Fastables one. We just did it fresh
um and feel super immersive. We have
under 5,000 email subscribers, then yes,
underline these products, too, and it
understand the 2025 and 2026 customer is
understand. Then we have things like
understanding that, okay, this product
unengaged people, we're going to hurt
uniqueness and try to point the customer
unlock an extra 20% off. This looks
unreasonable. If you're a brand who has
unsubscribe. But we also need to do the
unsubscribe. So, it's not too out of the
unsubscribed. Someone who has opened
unsubscribes. You're able to stay top of
until Friday and they're waiting to buy
untouched. Now what we need that for is
up a flow, automated emails where
up after the first email with an our
up and making sure that you have these
up at the top of the email and button
up at the top of the email. That's going
up at the top with a button and then
up at the top. Nice and simple. Straight
up for 10% off. Claim now or no thanks
up for their discount code. Enjoy 10%
up here some people are going to be like
up here, that'd be good. But
up here. And then we have this one right
up here. And then we just drag it to be
up there at number two just because it's
up to kind of like 3% even. This is
up with a our story email just like
up. I received this email in April.
up. It's a huge opportunity to recover
up. Now, we need to split by the call to
updating the product imagery in this
updating this. So, you're going to see a
upload images, designing your emails
upload to Clavio, we want to compress
urgency as possible while keeping things
urgency before it's buried for eternity.
urgency in offering some support as
urgency on the discount. Give somebody a
urgency to drive action. We don't want
urgency. Let somebody know that their
urgency. Let's put the urgency right in
urgency. So for this email, so by the
urgency. We did a collection highlight
urgency. You really don't need a bridge
us jumping from like $100,000 a monthish
us to capture the folks that we paid so
us to the next one, which is the micro
us what you're shopping for and then the
us your email. It works like a charm and
us. So right here, we could just edit
use any time frame. 90 days is typically
use here. Again, it's going to be
use here. You can see it has body copy,
use of clear sections, quick copy, and
use of your product or the
use some of their designs but kind of
use some of their templates and try to
use the standard one, browse
use these like line things. I'll go see
use this? Okay, this is perfect. Let's
use to start out or you can build your
use your welcome discount. We're here to
use. But one thing I want to make sure
used a transition, a little gradient
used for over 150 7 to9 figure
used hero section layout. And it's
used to it, and there's nothing
using both graphic based emails, and
using that. And so, here's like what an
using what's actually working right now
using. So, you can literally see all the
usually once per week for our brands. So
utilizing back-end systems of email and
utilizing these. They feel personal.
validate a lot of our claims and push
valuable in return. I've tested doing
value of the sale. That's always what we
variation that goes straight to email.
variations from Dr. Squatch in just the
variations that you can use and pick
version, create a desktop version. Now
versus after of customers using your
versus dark mode, it's going to give you
versus doing text based emails which I
versus dollar off in versus a mystery
versus like discounts and doing like
versus them. Just quick check marks
versus them. We want to set our brand
versus two days. You can also do what
versus women's. You can see this also is
very easy to do and think of different
very easy to see. So, people are just
very fun. And so what we did leather
very immersive. It makes it easier to
very similar. We have the FAQ. So just
very, very easy as well. So, all we want
vibe for this peanut butter chocolate
video right here, this email flows
video. And then you're going to put in
videos on my channel. But just having
visible right off the bat. That right
visiting your website are only going to
visitor closes the form, don't show this
visitors every single day, then probably
visitors, 4x per week is a good sweet
visual appeal. Like I said, the customer
visual of chocolate bar right here,
visualize my email. And always, always,
visually appeal to people, have them be
visually appealing our customers and
visually, but then strategically mix in
vivid like the colors throughout. I
volume and using non-disount angles,
wait 4 hours because these people are a
wait 4 hours. All we want to do is
waiting a little bit can get them to
want 10% off? Yes, please. Or no,
want an image and you just want it to be
want for the email. Then you can edit
want in sales is show the value. And
want it to be centered, which you can
want it to be just like a darker blue.
want it? And then mixing in different
want kind of up here by deleting these
want like people to answer multiple
want our message to just be focused on
want people to just go and shop shop
want the cart abandoned flow and then
want the email to just be focused on the
want the pop-up to show on certain parts
want to adjust this a little bit. But
want to be able to use icons like this.
want to be spamming discounts. So we
want to be testing out different
want to center our buttons in most
want to consider is the customer as
want to do if we want to make this email
want to do is you want to add a
want to do once we get to designing.
want to do something peanut butter
want to do. And then clean up the footer
want to focus on is actually not about
want to get live. So to set up flows,
want to get these people onto the
want to give 10 different reasons
want to go with kind of like 5 to six
want to lose something. Psychologically
want to make it clear that it's $50 off.
want to make sure it mentions peanut
want to make sure that we're doing both
want to make sure that we're using good
want to make sure we have minimal text,
want to make sure we're getting as many
want to make sure we're sending at least
want to make this smaller, but I want to
want to move it over so it's separate as
want to move this to the back. And I
want to play into the seasons as much as
want to replicate this button on their
want to rotate between story, product,
want to segment our list for campaigns
want to shop something else. Um, so
want to skip images and MMS. So, if you
want to talk about is something like the
want to test that easiest just because
want to touch on is the campaigns, which
want, but that could be anybody who's
want. And then for the textbased emails,
want. And then we'll move this behind
want. Do what's inside. If you have some
want. We click continue. And then we
want. You could do dynamic and just show
wanted to reconstruct this whole thing
wanted. Get rid of this copy and just
warehouse was like and all sorts of cool
warm feel. This prints, so try this out
warmest they are ever going to be. If
warming up not really selling them. And
was a fashion brand and I wanted to get
was in October. We can see the total
was just plain text. Now, a lot of
was one of the first things I saw on the
was the email and SMS campaign strategy.
was the worst on the month at 12 grand.
wasn't like a big announcement like hey
wasn't necessary before, but it is 100%
way to go. Just test it out, see what
way, I extended your discount code for
we always want to finish with shop all
we back it up with social proof and
we can do. So, what I'm going to do here
we can find color right here. And then I
we can have kind of like this without
we can only have one. So we can see we
we can see that in the background she's
we can see that this is being tracked.
we can show different tables and stuff
we can target people who have been
we can, and we try to put as much
we changed this email to talk about the
we click on to sign up forms right here,
we could actually get to creating the
we do is we use a survey form using the
we do sales. So, I put in the relevant
we don't want to get too complicated
we get data from the customer which we
we get the we get the popup. Looks like
we get these to pop and make them stand
we go into some education. Sun's out,
we going to do this? So there are a
we have 26 research studies, yada yada
we have a Claio button, and it has the
we have a lot of urgency just built in
we have created demand and urgency. If
we have five emails here for the cart
we have it for reference. So I'm
we have men and women who are coming
we have our VIP customers, which you can
we have our suppress list. So this is
we have our welcome flow. We're sending
we have tables. So stuff like this where
we have the browse abandoned. For
we have this X hidden. So every single
we have this one where the offer just
we have this textbased email right here,
we have three to six emails per flow. We
we just want to go into template right
we look up, let me make sure I spell it
we made it fall vibes brown right here.
we need a headline, body copy, and then
we need to drive urgency before that
we need to play into that. So, make sure
we probably have double the email
we said serve in your new top. These
we save time with writing copy is making
we stand out and kind of a last chance
we turned out. This is just what
we used like this winter background and
we wait one day here. So all that we
we want to be using bullet points. We
we want to do the active on site. So,
we want to do. We also want to pull a
we want to do? So, for the headline, I
we want to follow. And one point I
we want to give out a couple of
we want to make sure our designs reflect
we want to make sure that these are
we want to use education, we want to
we want with every email. So make sure
we want. We can go to like an orange
we want. You can see here each product
we weren't sending email campaigns at
we work with nearly 100 brands right
we work with right now. So, to get the
we'll have just like a little bulletoint
we're a supplement brand and we do a
we're all set. Super clean, super
we're currently doing around 150k a
we're different email or how we're
we're educating them. This is going to
we're fine. So looks like we are all
we're getting over 50% of people to
we're going to do here. Going to want to
we're going to do is we're going to get
we're going to do. We're going to be
we're going to drag in our time delay
we're going to follow up with daily
we're going to get a lot of people who
we're going to need to find this blue.
we're going to send them to spam."
we're in this tab, we can just create a
we're just going to create our email
we're making our emails skimable,
we're matching the brand here. The next
we're paying a lot more on ads, but at
we're pretty much good to go here. We
we're showing different products, we
we're tracking. If any of these triggers
we've pretty much replicated it. So this
we've tried to hit them with just
wearables. We made this when like the
weather, this was a fall email. And so
weather. Um, then right here, this
website abandoned flow. Anybody who goes
website and they have the these FAQ
website for the first time, that is the
website like Mil or like really good
website right here and I have a Clavio
website right then and there. The other
website to browsing. So if we look at
website to check things out and then
website traffic and educate them on why
website traffic. And then the site
website viewers to convert within 7
website viewers who are just curious
website, mil.com, where you can spy on
website. And that mechanism to capture
website. And then day later, you can see
website. So the second I load up Nike's
website. So they have corners. Um it's
website. That's what we want you to do.
website. What I'm going to do is I'm
week is higher revenue, lower
week is that good sweet spot. See,
week, you can get higher unsubscribes.
week. Cuz if you can increase your form
week. If you're kind of in the 50k to
weight and then at a certain point the
weird chemicals here. Awesome body copy.
welcome 10 and then a button. You could
welcome and then your last chance
welcome discount, we tested percent off
welcome email number one. Now, let's
welcome email. Super super important
welcome flow is going to turn the
welcome flow over time is by adding
welcome flow should be a little bit
welcome flow strategy that I'm going to
welcome flow strategy. How do you create
welcome flow, but just a different
welcome flow. So, we need to ask what is
welcome flow. We need to reinforce trust
welcome flows are right up here. You can
welcome flows, we're cool with three to
welcome flows. One of them is the our
welcome offer. For example, doing $10
welcome series, which we're going to go
welcome. Here's your discount." And if
well for the brand. So things like,
well for this brand, and that is the
well with like step one, step two, step
well. And probably make this a little
well. And then also typically we're
well. And then make the text black so
well. Hey Max, June here. Quick
well. Logo. I'm just going to upload my
well. So, this one is why does ice
well. So, we can see a couple of great
well. This is most bang for your buck.
well. You can see a simple button right
went over. Um, we want to give the offer
went to free pick here. And then I found
weren't running the SMS, but I'll be
what 80% of brands I audit don't have is
what I did here is I added the same
what a welcome flow may look like. You
what everybody does. The customer is
what good is. This is exactly what we do
what happens when somebody is looking at
what having a really good pop-up form
what if you finish with like a general
what is that crazy? Then we have this
what it looks like on mobile, then you
what it was like before us. Then after
what kind of patterns that I can find.
what makes us different, how our product
what problem I'm trying to solve. Say
what sections you like. So, that's how
what the 30 minute delay is doing in
what the product is like, what the app
what this is doing is it's going to show
what we can do here is we can go around
what we can get right here. All right.
what we do is we can just add a
what we have is the customization bias.
what we have is the product is just not
what we need to do under pair with
what we stand for. And then email two,
what we want to do in this first email
what we want. We have a desktop form and
what we're currently running to have
what we're going to talk about first,
what we're sending three times per week
what we're working with. Let's get to
what works well psychologically in
what works. and then that list of best
what you can see here throughout this
what you're shopping for, male and
what's going on. So the first thing to
what's inside, what are the different
what's inside. And this is going to be
what's inside. So they put exactly
what's your vibe? So this was like, are
whatever and you're kind of forced to
whatever sort of stuff like this. Have
whatever we want and then shop now right
whatever you want and test it out. So
whatever you want. And that's kind of
whatever you want. My favorite template
whatever you want. We can have this
when it's specifically for e-commerce.
when somebody signs up to your email
when the person could potentially be
when you add more emails, you make more
when you open the email in the first
where I'd try to make this section flow
where if you have a lot of different
where the category is this, or they've
where they are at in their customer
where they do the same thing where
where we're not asking for the email
where you go $50 ad spend, you get some
where's my discount code and they're
which I am totally fine any of these
which I recommend. And then once you
which I'm going to be showing you. So
which I'm sharing with you. Here's the
which allows you to create immersive and
which are just way more expensive than
which are these automated flows. So,
which if you're doing non-disount
which is a website right here which
which is comes from an actual person
which is going to be like frequently
which is great. And then finish with a
which is shoppers love to browse. The
which is super cool. Gives it a bit of
which is what we want for abandoned
which is what we're going to do here.
which is why you always, always, always
which makes retaining our margins in our
which they call that out in a super
which typically this works just fine.
which we can probably take from
which we like. You've had chocolate,
which you can see here. And when
which you probably just used a template
while also talking about our fair trade
while, we send two back to back. You can
white background down here. Feature the
who already know, like, and trust you.
who can't receive emails cuz they've
who has opened our emails because we
who want to open our emails. If we send
who you are, not just what you sell. And
whole email about 50% off sitewide.
whole email. You have shop women and
whole entire list? Well, segmentation
whole hero section be about the logo
why support big chocolate. We're taking
why we use this Clavio template because
why we're doing this. the individual
width. So, I'm going to start by putting
will be here for over 5 years. While the
will close that form. So there's the
will frame you two. Use auto layout
will go shop denim or underwear or
will have our footer and we are all good
will increase your churn. Just keep it
will perform 25 to 50% better and make
will sign up to the SMS list, get their
win back potential customers. So,
winning strategy for 2025. Here we have
with Claio. Now, setting up Clavio is
with Clavio templates. So, let's do the
with a bunch of direct response. If
with a general general button right here
with a pop-up and welcome flow that's
with a product that's very intricate,
with and we should be all good to go.
with discounts and improper email
with discounts. You're building trust
with email marketing is getting people
with ethical sourcing. I think that's a
with hair and how it was thinning. So
with here. A lot of emails in good
with high converting email design. So,
with it a little bit and then boom,
with it. And boom. That's high
with like US and China which is going to
with like a special offer for them. And
with new leads coming into the email
with one of the other 50 brands in the
with our typical layout. They have
with some sort of se you can do a frame.
with that and other people like to be
with that text base, just personal.
with that, but we're not being like,
with the Valentine's theme. And then
with the copy. That's not on the copy.
with the free trial right here. And then
with the guidelines that I'm giving you
with the logo and then just what they
with the main points and copy that's
with the market right now. So now let's
with the sizing a little bit and I will
with these ones first is going to be the
with this chocolate company is their
with this template right here. once you
with your clothes. These are our
with your list inside of Clavio, if
with your order. So, you can see right
with. We put a photo gallery. So I'm
within 90 to 150 days was the last time
without having to spend any more on ads.
woman and men, splitting different
women, is at the top of our email, we
women. And then right here, um, finish
won't be read if you're using blocks of
won't find fillers, fake flavors, or
wonder why their click rates drop and
wording that I see work best with uh
words here in the body copy. Give me
words here. So, I'm going to do peanut
work for the customer. It's going to
work great. And just a pro tip, try a
work. Just trust your judgment on what
working in 2025 and 2026. So, we need to
working with over 200 7 to9 figure
works is probably a better use of space
works, and why it might be worth the
works. And then five, the next highest
works. But essentially we can use this
worn out from this form and we're going
would be generating thousands and
would buy. So that's going to be super
would choose the conditions, what
write effective copy and it's going to
writing the coffee to designing the
wrong here. You never want these
yada. And then again, giving off that
yada. Just make it super easy for them.
yeah, that's cool and all, but really,
yeah, these ones I think we could update
yes or no button. After somebody clicks
yes, then the email pops up and it's
you a parent? Are you buying a gift? Or
you already have a platform and we're
you and was like, "Hey, here's 10% off."
you are letting people slip by and you
you bring to life. All right, so we have
you c you can't do image based emails.
you can check them out in the different
you can do anything. Do gym. Um they say
you can do right here is submit the
you can do with this split is do a
you can do within these is is you can do
you can drag in an image to put your
you can educate them into a purchase and
you can get more people to get their
you can get them to convert at a
you can go to free pick. This is the
you can insert products right here. Drag
you can just build for simplicity right
you can make them the same. You can see
you can see like bad content is 50% off,
you can see that I have different
you can see that with all of these right
you can see those rectangles that I put.
you can use to come up with ideas that
you can't lower the ad costs. That's out
you click onto something, you can see
you could have two educational emails,
you could set a time frame of anybody
you dial that in and create that
you do reviews with Clavio. You have the
you do that. And then you want to give
you don't know where to start, have a
you don't need. And then just adding
you don't want to say continue. If I
you email just towards dads. Could do a
you from the competition and allow you
you get clicks and even if they don't
you go to the website, you don't view
you going for a night out? Here are what
you got some value. Make sure to check
you have lists and segments. And then
you have on-site tracking on your
you have people joining the list. Now we
you have profiles. So profiles right
you have this by just looking up viewed
you how to optimize your email pop-ups
you just go broad and try to send to as
you just let them go to the website and
you might be wondering, why don't we
you might need to go with the longer
you more money than the extra money you
you nail this hero section. Make sure
you nail your offer. Make sure it's
you need to do to create high-converting
you need to know. Hopefully that helped
you open this email. customers are
you out. If not, you can reach out to
you place an order above $100." Those
you pronounce this. Every brand's going
you rather send one to two hyperargeted
you receive. You'll see there's a weird
you say you've got, psychologically, it
you see the click rates right here.
you think is the most effective. To go
you through steps on making sure that
you to see uh kind of like the before
you visualize it um and exactly what I'm
you want there. I won't update the
you want to be different from your
you want to be even more aggressive, you
you want to be more aggressive, you
you want to follow some of them. So,
you want to go with a textbased
you want to look it up, just look up
you want. Automatically it's just not
you want. You can also change this to
you wanted to be more advanced, you can
you're a $2,000 like gaming chair, for
you're an impulse purchase sort of
you're building your form? First, we
you're doing millions of dollars a
you're going through this checklist. And
you're going to be perceived. Just like
you're going to get high open rates. A
you're not dialed in, you're going to
you're pushing those people to that.
you're ready to claim yours, use this
you're real and if they stand with you.
you're shopping for and then adjust the
you're trying to solve and then give
you're using. So, you can see in this
you've created a moat that the other
you've got 10% off. We want to say
you've got a mystery discount, adjust
you've got because psychologically it
you've got whatever discount that you
you've had peanut butter, but never like
you. Here's your discount." And then the
you. However, I found that it's not too
you. It's the email marketing brain.
you. Next, we have sort of like a how
you. Number two, you own it completely.
you. We want to make sure that we're
you. and then you can schedule your
your AOV is below $100, do a percent off
your Clavio but if not you can just
your LTV. Same ad spend but completely
your ads or customer goes to your
your audience exactly what they're
your average gas station candy. Rich
your brand, your selling points, and how
your buck. You can get more advanced and
your button. So say you write some copy
your buttons. You can change the sizes
your calendar could look like. The one
your design is going to be limited cuz
your email account, your core email
your email and SMS revenue over the long
your email and put one up at the top in
your email for a mystery discount." A
your email sending provider with no
your email that people can reach out to.
your emails is completely dependent on
your emails. They're not going, I
your engaged list. So, now let's talk
your expensive ad, they're not
your flow or you can like replace the
your free trial with Whoop today. Start
your gas station candy. Rich creamy duh.
your lifetime value your lifeline. paid
your list effectively with signup forms,
your list while also getting good
your lists are just going to be super
your order today." Or, "You're one click
your point across. That's what we need
your preview texts. Next is your time
your process or customer experience. And
your results are your subject lines and
your subject lines and preview text.
your subject lines in here like welcome
your website and have AI recreate it.
your website traffic is with email
your website, but they're not buying and
your website, but we don't want to wait
your website. So, we want mostly graphic
your welcome flow isn't going to
yourself. Have a pop-up form with like
zero times since starting this flow. And
zombie brain can understand it. This is
