 
"Hey, if you can't decide, start here."
"What does Breeze taste like?" Just
1,000 new Shopify stores every single
2 days. You can also do what products
2025 and 2026 when there are so many
24 more hours. Something like this
A lot of people when they first come
ASAP. Make sure you're pushing those
And also in these emails, we need a
And so, if you don't have a system for
And then if you have a lot of products
And then that single email is not
Another one I want to talk about is
Breaking down every single ingredient,
Bridge section just explain exactly why
Bridget explaining why this product is
Buy our stuff. Last chance." Super
Buy this. Here's another bestseller. Buy
Corbin from Breeze. And that's perfect.
Customers are getting harder and harder
Cyber Monday comes around, they already
Don't get too carried away. I'm not a
Easiest just because it's high leverage.
English and visually show the ease of
FAQ sort of email that you can do. This
Figma, which I recommend. And then once
Here we have a graphic one of, "Is safe
Hope you got some value and I will see
I'll walk you through some examples. And
I'm going to go through a few of my
I'm trying to do here is create an
I've ever made and this is going to be
In 2024 we saw a lot of brands whose
In case it was a mistake, I extended
Introduce the founder, the brand's
It's just too much work. So we need to
It's super simple to change, but it can
Just breaking down that one product.
Just quick check marks right here so
Last chance for 10% off. Buy now. I love
Max, founder of WellCopy. We've done
Maybe summarize it really quick and have
Mention the discount code and that it's
People just had cash and it was easy to
Perfect. What's inside? And then we
Reach out from the founder of the
So something that's going to bring them
So the state of 2026 ecom I want to go
So those are the filler emails. You can
So we want the design to be as simple,
So, just break down the only three
So, let's get into it. So, really what
So, the winning welcome flow strategy,
So, this is exactly what we are going
So, this is the welcome flow template
So, we want to combat that with why
So, we want to turn that off. And so
Someone can type in your website and
Super super simple. Just some brand
Take time to find your good testimonials
Terry Roberts founder. Of course, put an
That is how you beat your rising cost
The filler emails are one to five
Then this branch is super duper simple.
There should not be any time delay. Send
These emails will bridge the gap. We
They don't know what to get. So, we
They need multiple touch points. They
They're just going to leave and never
This is like a clean us versus them.
This is one right here where it's your
This is the most important video that
This video is about the email welcome
Typically, I like to do only like one to
We can see in all these examples there's
We have to understand that the modern
What are the ones that customers are
What makes it different and a little bit
Why do we include these ingredients or
You can also do multiple FAQs if you
You get clicks and even if they don't
You should always have at least one
Your product alone is not enough. You
a 7 to 9 figureure e-commerce brand, but
a brief intro. This is a perfect example
a button way up here right when the
a button. Explain your core
a couple reminders to buy. We want to
a few short sentences. In a product
a little bit closer to the brand and
a lot more. So, we're paying a lot more
a seat at the table. This is a great
a transparent brand who also knows what
abandon everything and all future
about converting more off of your ads
about the frequently asked question or
about your product and just make a whole
absolutely crush it. So, we can see how
absolutely crushes and it gives us that
acquisition funnel. This is how it's
acquisition moat. Something that is
actually doing the AB tests. Should do a
actually finding your testimonials. They
ad spend. What we have is the welcome
address these objections upfront. So
ads, you can pay $50, still get those
again on getting them back through ads.
all of these in place, I'm not going to
all these brands showing up, there is so
also a call out on the discount code up
also be in the description. Make sure to
also get it later because you have their
also something else that not a lot of
always always need to be testing. So
always like to end this as well with a
always recommend that you get this
always want to mix in some social proof.
an ad, mostly they haven't bought
and a winning welcome flow. Again, thank
and after somebody might have clicked on
and also how to waste less of your ad
and also why your product alone isn't
and create that profitable funnel that
and creates a clear path for the
and just giving three reasons right
and link people to categories. Some
and remind them of this discount. As far
and the customer needs to be reminded of
and the winning strategy that I like to
and then boom, shop now. Then also, PS,
and then maybe when Black Friday or
and then right here the story behind us
and then you can link people to the
and then you can send them your dialed
and they don't read any of the reviews.
and they're not using what's actually
and we don't need their sale. Just a
and what you're putting in there is your
and you have the discount. If you had
another one right here, how we're
answer a quick FAQ from the customer.
answer any questions. Reply to this
answer the how does it work in the
answering frequently asked questions
anymore. You can send them emails for a
apart by clearly stating how we're
are 1 to two days apart as well. We only
are actually campaigns that were sent to
are featured in emails. So, featuring
aren't satisfied with your order. So,
as the email template, we want to have a
as well with a textbased support email.
as well. Founder image branded summary
as well. The customer can see exactly
as you're building out this strategy
at the bottom. Make sure you take time
at the brand and think of what the
at the customer and then give them a
at the end and how we overcome this
at the top with a punchy headline and
at the top. Here's another example right
attention, you can nurture the trust and
avoids a lot of the AB tests and having
away with the bridge section. You can
back and stand by that with a 30-day
back end. And then in 2026, what we have
background. You don't need to go too
bat, the most common question I get is,
be adapted to put in the welcome flow
be at six to eight. We just need to look
be like we're genuinely helping them out
be mostly non-promotional. We don't just
be upset. These are set. You're good. So
because every brand is different. Some
because they don't know really like if
because we want to build trust. Most
before that discount expires or product
behind the brand. Put a face to the name
behind what you do that people can rally
behind. After that first initial email,
benefit feature. So, pick one benefit
bestseller section. So right here just
between emails. Maybe you need to be
blurb about this support team. So, this
brand and your story. The brands with
brand in the briefest way possible while
brand right here. This is it. Your last
brand. Then include an email like this.
brand. Three ingredients. Pure Bliss.
branding a little bit and they've just
brands can't replicate. We can see here
brands just haven't kept up with
brands with strong retention survived.
bridge section which is completely fine
build trust fast to get people to
built from the ground up. We can see the
bull rush in 2020 and 2021 and only the
button at the bottom so that person can
button right up at the top of the email
buttons are in the hero sections of
buy from baseless corporations.
buy right now, we want to prime our
buy the best sellers and you're all set.
buy, at least you get the email captured
buy. And then following 2021 iOS 14
buy. Something like bestsellers or
buy. That's why we want our filler
buying typically first? You can test
by even 2%, that means more people into
by showing the proof from real customers
by step. Starting off with welcome email
campaign that absolutely crushes it, say
campaigns into your welcome flow and
can just spend more ads on. So that is
can make their pick. Just have a hero
can only last so long. Also a
can see right here, you can see all the
can see some categories right here. This
cannabis without judgment. So a brief
capture the sale. So, if you don't nail
capturing, nurturing, and converting
category buttons in the footer. Then
chance discount email. We need to have
chance email as well. So this is
chance email that we want to make sure
chance to nail that first impression. If
channel breaking down email design and
check out this video on pop-ups so that
clean, and easy to follow as possible.
clearly. Then of course reminding of the
click that's super super important. Make
click this link to confirm your
click your expensive ad, they're not
clicks, people bounce, you don't have
clothing brand where if you have a lot
code and maybe just like a brief intro
code right up at the top and then a
color, and the LGBTQ plus community,
combining the customer support tone with
come back and you lose that and you
commitment to quality. We've got your
competition and allow you to spend more
competitor. The brands that are going to
competitor. We need to make sure we're
competitors. But there are a few high
competitors. So, we just want to lay
complete money back guarantee if you
completely different landscape. Ad costs
completely necessary for your welcome
complicated. One of these is going to be
confusion, build our trust, and make
connect, learn, and explore conscious
connection. We want to give them that
convert because they have less money due
convert right when they show attention
convert these customers who are on the
convert within 7 days, then you're going
converting. Now, we have the CAC
cool process or behind the scenes
copied your store because there are over
corporations and brands out there,
cost per acquisition and then increasing
cost per acquisition tripled which
could be an objection where people are
could start off with like our best
course, tie in your product. So we can
crazy here, but I'll give you the
customer and you probably need to
customer favorites right here. You can
customer is a zombie. They're doom
customer kind of like see things
customer may be thinking and what do we
customer opens their email they can
customer right here within the body.
customer to make their choice so that
customer to purchase. It also shows you
customer which is great and then they
customer's mind. Your email welcome flow
customer. AI is just making it so so
customers are just going to leave and
customers aren't buying immediately.
cuz people need education and more than
cuz they're going to do the selling for
day which is crazy. So this is like the
decision that takes time to decide? And
deliver that because your frame is
design them on a design tool such as
dialed, you get $50 with your ad spend.
difference between a losing welcome flow
different and it's going to depend on
different benefits. We have one feature
different best sellers in your emails.
different for every brand. All of these
different founders right here and then
different outcome just by having the
different products and then bestseller
different than like other carriers in an
different variations of those. And then
different. Because the elephant in the
different. Just a quick summary up here
different. You can't just copy someone
differentiators, whether that's your
directly address these builds our trust
directly. We just want to have a bridge
discount code, a button, and then maybe
discount code, make it personal from
discount is disappearing. And then I
discount. And then there's shop by
discount. Here's another one for
discount. So maybe just give a quick
discount. Then a product section tie
discount. These are perfect. That's the
do that, I have other videos on my
do that. How to use your product. That
does this work? Again, have some
don't have to send expensive ads
don't want to be too pushy with this
done. And you can have email systems
down at the bottom talking about like
e-commerce list. These campaigns should
easiest way to optimize your welcome
easy to copy products and copy stores.
easy. Stimulus checks and easy sales.
eating the disposable income for the
educate them a ton on your product. So,
education that you sent and people just
education, research studies, before
education. So, it's just relevant
educational angles in our campaigns and
educational emails sent between your
educational emails. So, what are they?
effective for showing how you compare.
either get that sale today or you can
else's. needs to be a little bit
email and you can send them emails for
email campaigns per week to your
email if you have any questions. By the
email like what's inside our product.
email talking about that one thing
email template hero section that answers
email that you can do. Put a testimonial
email welcome flow. If you dial that in
email welcome flow. Now, every brand out
email, build trust, and convert them now
email, so by the end of the flow, you
email. We just want to give them the
emails do a textbased email. These just
emails play into that. The goal is to
emails right inside of Clavio or
emails, which I'm going to give you a
emails. People need time to convert.
emails. So, we have a ton of examples.
emails. These convert like crazy. And
engagement, then we know that that email
enough anymore. So 2020 ecom was really
enough. We need to have at least three
every single click that we get worth
everybody else and the copycats who are
everything that we need to be doing. And
everything that's changed over the past
everything that's inside our product.
everything. If you come in with a slap
example because it calls out the ideal
example, doing $10 off versus 10% off. A
example, this is a big decision for the
examples here. If we look at this one
examples. We can do things like one
face to the name and then a story
fan of doing this many reviews cuz a lot
favorites that I like to include in
favorites, but these are like some
feature a couple other testimonials and
fence. Look at these examples. We don't
few years in ecom postco. It's a
fighting for the same ad spots,
filler emails are all about brand
first. It is the fan favorite, yada yada
flashing a ton of different testimonials
flow cuz that is going to be the
flow email number one. Just make sure
flow over time is by adding successful
flow right here. They ramped up their ad
flow, but most of them are doing it
flow. So, this is my favorite and it
flow. So, we just want to educate on how
flow. That's literally it. Just add that
flow. This YouTube video of mine right
focused on the urgency. You really don't
for connecting with the customer. This
for eternity. Then feature some
for this brand as they increased their
for your e-commerce brand if you care
form which is going to turn your paid
form. This is why you see top brands
founder touch. Highly recommend you test
founders picks is something that works
founding story or brand mission of some
four emails in there. Others we should
fraction of a penny. And this powerful
fractions of pennies, decreasing your
frequently asked question email of how
frequently asked questions. These are
fried. So we need to make sure our
friendly nudge, not a sales push. So, be
from back in the day of like what the
full email. And then just be straight up
future purchases by laying all the
generate any money if nobody's going
get in the description. If you want more
get one chance to make a first
gets a ton of revenue and a ton of
getting. Ingredients, materials, or
give 10 different reasons because that's
given the best sellers in the individual
given you a taste of Pedal Commander's
giving social proof, getting people to
giving them what they want. I see a lot
go here, click onto your list, you want
go into actually like these emails step
go to consent, and then you want to turn
going to be a countdown right here. Just
going to be a countdown timer for this
going to be able to survive. That is
going to be perfect. And in this case
going to be personal emails that look
going to be retaining a lot more profit.
going to buy. So always have a last
going to create our moat and increase
going to differentiate you from the
going to email you and ask questions.
going to help. Most customers aren't
going to leave. So make sure you have
going to make a lot more money on the
going to miss your trust window. So,
going to overwhelm the customer. Just
going to send an email being like, "Hey,
graphic based emails, you can test
groundwork so that they trust our brand,
guide to enjoying happiest hour. And we
has changed over time we need to
has generated over $20 million in sales.
have AI recreate it. They can change the
have a big impact on your results are
have a couple of FAQs down here, which
have a perfect how it works email.
have the customer's attention for so
haven't placed your order yet. No
headline saying what's exactly inside.
headline. Bridge section, have like the
health influencer right here, as well as
help building all of this out if you're
helpful for people. So, what we could do
helpful. You can also include a back in
here and of course reminding of the
here for a brand like this, what
here which looks like an email or some
here, smart e-commerce brands are doing
here, this is more of a celebrity
here. Add some social proof. Boom. You
here. And then this for a chocolate bar
here. Super clean and simple reminded
here. We have Cristiano Ronaldo, another
hero section with a founder photo and
hits. 2022 Facebook rorowaz tanks. We
hitting them every single day with
how it works and then they can trust the
how to create your emails. So, that is
how we get people to buy on the spot
how-to right here so the customer can
if you have any questions, our support
if you have any questions. I put links
image right here so that we can put a
immediately upon the person signing up.
immediately, you are burning cash. The
important to the customer? What are
impression and create that frame in the
in a little bit more depth because what
in and then tie in our product right
in our email lists. What this means is
in this video, I'm giving you the exact
in your product sections actually
include is a textbased email. These are
increasing the auction, making ads cost
increasing with like US and China which
infographics of where our product fits
information, overcoming objections,
ingredients and how does it work. And
ingredients that are in our product.
into Claio. If you want to know how to
into a couple of kind of like my
into actual conversions because email is
into image sections and upload those
into our brand, they get overwhelmed.
into your brand. List out some products
into your welcome flow. So, you really
intro right there. and then the discount
is a THC infused social tonic. And so
is a great example right here. Hey
is a how it works. This is going to be
is going to be eating into our ecom
is going to be the biggest impact which
is going to be the most stereotypical
is going to be the textbased like little
is going to be the welcome offer. For
is how you nail your welcome email
is just add the discount code within
is like the simplest sort of testimonial
is perfect and summarizes everything
is perfect. This is the winning welcome
is the product is just not enough. You
is the warmest they're ever going to be.
is validated and it's probably very
is we want to do one to five filler
is what's in our products compared to
it for this one. Thank you so much for
it immediately. When a person signs up,
it matters. And product section, of
it to be the same every single time
it's branded. And don't get too carried
it's easy for customers to see like why
items in the bundle. Just have
just by putting the welcome discount.
just focused on how we're different. And
just from the email channel. So now
just look like every single other email
just saying the FAQ itself and saying it
just throw up some ads and people would
keep putting it off and then they're not
kind of like around the 5 to six email
kind of need a nudge to buy. So what we
last chance email. This is going to be
last chance or they're just going to
later. Let's just give them their
layout. We just want to welcome them to
learning from other people. This is
leggings and there's a step-by-step
less pushy. So, you can do 1 days versus
let's actually get into the winning
levels. The only brands that could
leverage things that we need to make
lifeline. paid ads up 300% from prior
like $20, then you probably don't need
like in 2020, you're spending a lot more
like other products. Perfect. Right
like rolls through. If you want to be
like they're coming from a friend. In
like, I don't think I'm going to be able
linking to a direct product like this
list, if you have double opt-in on, it's
listing some of the products or some of
little bit of both though. So, that is
long before they might go to a
long does it take to see results with
looks like it's coming from a friend.
lose them. If you are dialed in, then
lot of brands sending educational
lot of times a different offer can be
lowest performing email in that welcome
magic behind it. And then here's just
make it as simple as possible for the
make it single opt-in. So right when the
making the brand feel human. People want
many email addresses from your website
many emails. You just need to drill them
margins. We have inflation which is
mark. We want to make sure our emails
materials, your values, your results,
may be a good choice. This could be
maybe and you're all good to go. So we
mentioning subtly, hey, I noticed you
million in one different things but I
mode. Copycats cannot replicate your
more. And that is with a dialed popup
most out of your ad traffic to turn into
much more competition. Everybody's
my team will build you the most badass
myths versus facts, a little bit of
necessary if you are an ecom brand
need a bridge section. Just have a hero
need an absolutely dialed email pop-up
need in our email welcome flow. Every
need more education to buy. So, we need
need more systems. You need to find ways
need this pop-up and welcome flow. So,
need to deliver a strong intro on our
need to do is we need to drive urgency
need to get them over the edge. If
need to have a brand. That is your only
need to overcome objections within them.
need to overcome objections, answer the
need to scroll. See right here, there's
never come back. Probably go with a
new competitors launching every single
new. Use this discount." Then after
next 24 hours. So, we have a lot of
no matter the welcome flow, if you have
non-negotiable that I always like to
noticed you signed up, but you didn't
now let's go into actually creating our
now? So, e-commerce has changed and most
number one. Now, you can build these
number one. So, welcome email number
objection, which is perfect. The only
of brands going way too overboard with
of different products then you probably
of our control. What we can do is make
of social proof. Perfect. Then right
of times that can overwhelm the customer
off double opt-in right here, and just
off with a transformation from a
off, we need to turn off double opt-in
on ads, but at the same time, conversion
on the brand. We'll do the education
on the first go which is why you always
on this month right here. You can see
on your ads while knowing that you're
one's a little bit different. This one
one. The purpose and the content is we
onto the site. As far as the email
optimization because this is really
or celebrities pretty much just to show
or click on one of your ads. This all
or down the line without having to pay
or or phone number to get them back.
or the customer might be overwhelmed
origin story, and a deeper mission
others in your niche. And the way you
our last chance discount email to get
our product works. We want to reduce
our sales with our acquisition funnel.
our story email. Next I want to talk
our welcome email number one. Now, let's
out and then leaving to check out one of
out because that's very, very important.
out competitors over the next week or
out there copying your store, you only
outlining everything right here and then
outlining the free offer for acquisition
outlining the struggle. She struggled
over $100 million in e-commerce sales.
over in this video. And then you can
over. So, why is this important right
paying $50 to maybe get a sale on your
people are dying for that personal
people as possible into your welcome
people buy? Important to note, however,
people from converting. We want to
people like it. And you've helped make
people like to browse a little bit more
people test is linking to specific
people to that. This is the sort of
people who are going to buy anyways, but
per acquisition. If you own the
perfect for CPG brands, skincare brands,
perfect. And if you want to go with a
person enters their email address,
personal feel which we love. Now, let's
personal feel with these textbased
pick a few of the main differentiators.
pieces? How it's made. If you have a
pop-up form that's converting 15% of
pop-up forms that are going to get as
position our brand differently and show
posting the testimonials of these
predictably gets website viewers to
pretty much for every brand in terms of
price. Then, even if somebody doesn't
problem. And how can we fix this? This
process with how your products are made,
product addresses that FAQ. We can see
product feature right here. So, say this
product is a little bit more
product right here is our best seller.
product section, you can have some
product that has ingredients, create an
product that impulse purchase or
product, kind of like a gimmick that's
product. So, here's like a single
products do our customers love? Feature
products in a cool info product. We
products just straight up. But the
products or linking to collections. So
products, but the purpose is to just
products, notes from the founder, all
products. Little bit more urgency. Boom.
products. They have great systems that
proof and remind the discount. Then
provide the essential nutrients and this
purchases are lost forever. Instead, we
purely educational, especially if your
push people towards. Email one, we want
question right here. And then having
quickly answer the question, remind the
rates are down as customers are just
rather than overwhelming with a ton of
reading, watching. Feel free to email me
reality people just want their discount
really made your lifetime value your
really well. Hey Max, June here. Quick
really work? Or you can do a how-to and
really, really well. Trending
reducing risk for the customer. and then
remind the brand and its mission.
reminder of the welcome discount every
reminder, your welcome discount expires
reminders of who we are cuz again, this
reminding of the discount. Literally no
reply to this email and we'll respond
revenue. So, we want to test that.
revenue. The link to book a call will
right here and then reminded the
right here we have a textbased email
right here where we can see welcome to
right here, I know this is kind of hard
right here, this is one where we're just
right here. and then more social proof
right now are higher than ever.
right there from potential subscribers.
right when a customer clicks on one of
room is your customers are comparing you
run them into this system and winning
saw a lot of brands fall off after this
says they're targeting women, people of
science and also something cool is
scrolling. Their attention spans are
seconds to get that first email, to get
section explaining it. Then a product
section on why choose us which helps the
section tying in your brand and how your
section with a brand summary. So
section with last chance to use your
section with what makes us different.
section, ask the question, how does it
section, tie in your brand. So we can
see exactly how it works and kind of the
see for this skinincare brand they start
see right here because everyone deserves
see right here, this is a product which
see some categories right here. And you
sellers or you could say directly like,
sells out. It's your final push to
sentence of copy. You can add that to
separate from our competitors or like us
she created these products that do this
shine harder than other jewelry brands
shop hoodies, shop t-shirts, shop socks,
shop now. Perfect. So that's that last
should have trust built up with all the
show you. So, make sure you check that
showing different testimonials right
sign from the customer and then again
simple product section right down here
simple this textbased email is. It's not
simple way, which is going to be great
simply get people to click and browse
single one is going to be different
single product or could be multiple
single time. A big mistake is I see a
so good. And then just feature the
so the customer doesn't need to scroll.
social proof filler email inside your
some further education all throughout
some in one of your CTAs. And then
some sort of a warm quote or intro
some urgency on the product. Heavy
something like this, this and this are
sort of letter to the customers which is
sort of like welcome pack or if you're a
sort. always remind of the discount in
sorts of different stuff that you can
spend by using a proper and effective
spend, their ad traffic. We have a
spending money on ads right now because
stand out is with your content, your
starts with your email popup and your
stay top of mind as they may be checking
step. So, just lay it down in plain
still active for use. And then include a
stock email, which actually works
story and a lot of people will naturally
story email, which typically all follow
story email. We want to build trust by
story, and more importantly, how you
story-based emails which are great. They
straight up addressing the question. How
strategy because like I said, every
strategy that I've used for over 150 7
strategy that you need to do. Now I want
stretch your ad dollars. Instead of
stuff that I've tested that just works
stuff that you aren't going to get
stuff. Really heartfelt. It gets you to
stuff. We want the email to just be
subscribers closer to their conversion.
subscribers. And we're getting $56,000
subscription." You get a ton of fall-off
subtle category links, but really we
subtle. Reminded the discount code again
suggest starting with these ones. First
summary before they continue shopping.
super brief, then of course you can do
super clearly for the customer. This
super cool take on this email. Hi, I'm
super super well. So that is the full
supplement or bundle based brands. Show
support team. All you want to do is
support team. Offer support. Hey, I
support them. And then there's a cool
supporting copy. Just that. That's
sure our welcome flow includes. First
sure to offer support and mention your
sure you have this button up at the top
survive were ones that knew they were
system dialed. So this is how we are
talk about our filler emails, aka our
talking about the benefit. And then in
team is always ready to assist you. Just
teeth whitening possible?" answering the
template cuz there are a couple things
template, we want a hero section with a
testimonial email. The hero section is
testimonials for social proof. us versus
testimonials. So, you can see right
testing new pop-up forms every single
textbased approach, this works really,
textbased support email. Something that
texts. Next is your time delays in
that I really recommend that you run for
that I showed you up above earlier in
that I showed you versus like doing more
that attention that you just paid for
that choice for the customer. And then
that email and plug it into our welcome
that email, that person's lost. At least
that generate 38% of your total revenue
that is extra revenue off of their
that out. Doing those textbased emails
that we do. And I always like to end off
that we need to make sure we have in
that we're legit. This is going to
that you are considering these things.
that you have that. The next on top of
that's where it's at, you just want to
that, that first email needs to fire
that. And then we want a product section
the FAQ itself with the hero question
the best. Then we have another this is
the brand and deliver our incentive.
the brand. that has to send immediately.
the bridge section, they're answering
the button and but the discount was way
the categories. So you can see some
the cheapest, highest lever way to
the cost per acquisition problem. With
the customer's caring about. So as an
the deck. But now let's talk about the
the deep loyalty are the ones that are
the difference in literally double the
the discount code super clear and then
the discount every single time in one of
the discount which is going to remind
the email list that you can convert.
the email list, but these could easily
the fam, a brief intro, place to
the long run because nothing is perfect
the most important video that you watch
the one right here. These are super
the proof that our products work. This
the story behind it and then some images
the two bests sellers and exactly why
the welcome discount. We don't want to
the welcome flow. You could test a
their discount code, or to learn about
their objections? And is buying our
their website visitors into email
them feel confident taking the next
them of the urgency because the discount
them, being like, "Hey, we know you're
them, how you compare to competitors,
then have a call to action. And then
then have a simple product section as
then it outlines how these products are
then just adding your discount code. So
then just bridge section, explain it in
then leave and you don't have anything
then monitor our results. If we have a
then of course we want to have a last
then we can see the real stories right
then we have Athletic Greens right here
there are a few non-negotiables that we
there is a big concern. So we're
there probably has an email welcome
there, I hope my previous emails have
these are some high leverage AB tests
these email. So the customer doesn't
these out. So, moving on to the next one
they don't have decision fatigue. You
they just did icons. This is a gift that
they start off the hero section just
they're just going to be sent your first
they're not buying and they're bouncing.
they're only going to wait maybe 30
they're showing exactly what's in our
thing that's missing here and also with
things out clearly for them so that they
this email and then tying in our product
this email. And then what we want to do
this in 2025, goes over everything that
this in place. Then we want a bridge
this moat? and how do you make sure that
this one is the welcome discount. These
this one. Or you can do categories like
this product and it absolutely crushes
this with these massive emails when in
this, what's going to happen is you are
this. And a lot of times these convert
those filler emails, we want to go with
timeline of kind of like what happened
to all sorts of other brands and your
to buy from people. They don't want to
to convert. And there are thousands of
to get people to your website, but
to go to settings, and then you want to
to have a profitable machine that you
to have at least three emails. I prefer
to inflation, not having stimulus checks
to make it seem too pushy. We want it to
to monitor results that comes when
to my socials within this doc you can
to see, but this is a brand a legacy
to show for it, you don't have an email
to stand out from the thousands of
to talk about some AB tests and
to use this product. That could be
to9 figure e-commerce brands and that
together generic approach, that's how
ton of different options for. And these
tonight. Reminder the brand story, make
too long. And you can see right off the
traffic as possible so that we can then
traffic into owned traffic so that you
transformation. So, for the hero
transparency and people are going to
trust the brand and really want to
trust the brand while also reminding of
trust us and get them to reach out if
trust us and then they're more likely to
trust you more. So, as a template, if
two to maybe three testimonials in a
two. So, we want to include these
understand kind of the landscape and
unspoken questions that might stop
up after the first email with an our
up at the top with a button and then
up here some people are going to be like
urgency just built in with that, but
urgency on the discount. Give somebody a
urgency to drive action. We don't want
urgency. Let somebody know that their
us versus them section very similar to
use any one of those or in the big list
use here. Again, it's going to be
use of your product or the
use your welcome discount. We're here to
validate a lot of our claims and push
versus after of customers using your
versus others and then some quick social
versus them. We want to set our brand
very similar. We have the FAQ. So just
visiting your website to check things
want to be spamming discounts. So we
want to be testing out different
want to overwhelm or do all this crazy
want to show a few different products
want. Do what's inside. If you have some
warehouse was like and all sorts of cool
warmest they are ever going to be. If
warning. So urgency before it's buried
was your best seller for supplement
wasn't necessary before, but it is 100%
way, I extended your discount code for
we can have kind of like this without
we have this one right here for like a
we need to play into that. So, make sure
we're a supplement brand and we do a
we're different email or how we're
we're not being like, "Buy our stuff.
website for the first time, that is the
website viewers who are just curious
week. Cuz if you can increase your form
week. With customers being harder to
welcome and then your last chance emails
welcome email. Super, super important
welcome flow is going to turn the
welcome flow should be a little bit
welcome flow strategy that I'm going to
welcome flow strategy. How do you create
welcome flow. So, we need to ask what is
welcome flow. We need to reinforce trust
welcome flows, we're cool with three to
welcome flows. One of them is the our
welcome series possible that gets the
welcome series, which we're going to go
well. So this one is why does ice cartel
well. So, we can see a couple of great
what makes us different, how our product
what we really want to focus on. We have
what we're talking about. My name is
what's different. So we have tariffs
what's going to make the difference in
what's inside, what are the different
what's inside. And this is going to be
what's inside. So they put exactly
whatever platform you have, or you can
when somebody signs up to your email
where they do the same thing where
where you go $50 ad spend, you get some
where's my discount code and they're
which I am totally fine any of these
which they call that out in a super
win in 2026 do not just have great
with a bunch of direct response. If
with a pop-up and welcome flow that's
with a ton of urgency. So for this
with hair and how it was thinning. So
with like, hey, here are the
with that and other people like to be
with the guidelines that I'm giving you
with what to pick, a bestseller email
with your list inside of Clavio, if
without having to increase any ad spend
work. Just trust your judgment on what
working right now in 2025 and 2026. So,
works, and why it might be worth the
worries if you've been busy. I get it.
would you go with our meal delivery
wrong. They're using outdated strategies
yada. Just make it super easy for them.
you can get more people to get their
you can grow your list and get as many
you can see right there that's also
you can't lower the ad costs. That's out
you design it, then you slice the email
you don't know where to start, have a
you in the next
you just let them go to the website and
you might need to go with the longer
you nail this hero section. Make sure
you need to do to create high-converting
you should be sending three to four
you so much for watching this video.
you think is the most effective. To go
you want to be different from your
you're a $2,000 like gaming chair, for
you're an impulse purchase sort of
you're going to be perceived. Just like
you're not dialed in, you're going to
you're real and if they stand with you.
you've created a moat that the other
you. Next, we have sort of like a how
your LTV. Same ad spend, but completely
your ads or customer goes to your
your audience exactly what they're
your brand, your selling points, and how
your competitors. So, even when they
your discount code just for you for the
your flow or you can like replace the
your process or customer experience. And
your subject lines and your preview
your welcome flow isn't going to
