 
10-minute time delay is the best. It
30 minutes. So, of course, let me know
AB test for one of my 100 clients, seven
And that's what we're going to be doing
And then giving some more brand
And then we are going to just drag and
And then we want text only just like
And this is for anybody who goes to your
And what they did here is wait 4 hours.
Anybody who goes to your website, but
Appreciate you taking the time to watch
But again, you can see how simple all
Clavia has an awesome feature where you
Clavio support article and it should
Clavio templates. It'll automatically
Clavio.
Did you get a chance to check these out?
Drag this one. Do a time delay right
Educate on the brand a bit and give that
Email two, we like to do a textbased
Especially make sure you have cart
Exactly how to set up these flows and
Follow this flow and you are all set.
Here's the discount code. Claim your
Here's this discount. Show the dynamic
I wanted to remove this and then just
I'm going to change that as we went
I'm going to delete the SMS just for
I'm trying to condense it to more like
I've tested this on 8 figure brands,
If you see one starting to perform
Just do what you think makes sense. And
Just like that. We're going to change
Let's go in and start building the flow.
Now, if you are a brand that's doing at
Now, we need kind of an emotional appeal
Obviously we want them to be different
Really hit home on being personal.
So inside of Clavio, let's do the same
So we're all good. This is going to fire
So, if somebody goes to checkout or they
So, we would duplicate this over, drag
Somebody placed an order. We don't want
That does it for this video. Let me know
That's all you need. You don't need to
The card abandon and the checkout
The first one that we need is active
There's the link to the help center or
They're selling fast." So pushing people
This coming from a team member on the
This could be a 4-hour long video, but
This is through Claio and this one is
This prints. So try this out if you
Those are the two most important ones.
Waiting 30 minutes is typically the
We also want to make sure it's cart
We can see right here it has our trigger
We have a Clavio button and it has the
We want to wait 4 hours because these
We're just going to keep it really
What we want to do is change template
With a product that's very intricate,
You are leaking thousands of dollars
You can drag in an image to put your
You can say, "We noticed you stopped by.
a base understanding. That's why we're
a couple hundred people a month or a
a lot of brands have cart abandoned
a mock abandoned cart and abandoned
a shop button where you say shop
a test is only going to need to be run
abandon, we're going to upload and put
abandon. Now, let's talk about the
abandon. So, you need to know how to do
abandoned as well. If anybody adds to
abandoned card. Again edit it the same
abandoned cart and abandoned checkout.
abandoned checkout. And if we click on
abandoned flow first. I'm going to
abandoned flow since starting this flow.
abandoned flow. Now, again, we're going
abandoned properly set up. I keep saying
abandoned, and checkout abandoned email
abandoned, browse abandoned, cart
abandoned. The checkout abandon is
abandonment types that we're going to be
abandonment. You can see the trigger is
about is the website abandon flow.
about the email flows. The email flows
about, which are the most important are
active on site is right here. Profile
actually also need to add the added to
actually click checkout. So, if I click
actually don't have any templates inside
actually this one right here. Abandoned
actually to the actual dynamic cart of
actually want it to be the Shopify added
add any items to cart, and they don't go
added to cart Shopify trigger loaded up,
added to cart. So, what fires added to
added to cart. They only have it for the
again right here we'd want to change
aggressive where you're like, "Finish
all friction for the buyer. Then mixing
all set up. It even has these filters.
almost there, one click away. Show the
also book a call with me in the
also give your email that people can
also mix in some stuff in Figma if you
analytics, it'll show you the numbers on
and it's just what converts better.
and simple. And then email two, just
and the sequence of emails that we like
and then a little bit of a social proof
and then the filter will just stop
anybody who adds to cart isn't receiving
anything from 7 to 30 days. I just like
appeal. I found that a founder
are so close to buying. They just need a
are the correct filters that we want.
are the ones that I'm starting out with.
are well and keeping in good health.
aren't working for you, just look up a
around, use some stuff in Clavio and
as we went over in that template, but
away." Test doing those more browse
based things versus more aggressive. You
be a technical genius. Trust me. You can
be along the lines of, hey, you viewed
be on the lookout for more videos.
because I know you're probably busy. You
because checkout started is farther down
because everybody reads a PS section.
because the goal of this is just to get
before, we can just drag and drop our
being like, "Hey, take another look."
best sellers like right here and it'll
best, but it really does vary. and I've
better, then just go with that one and
better. For others, a 2hour, for some a
block and then plug in some social proof
block gives some social proof and
brand and I'll help you out. So, now
brand. So if we look at these examples,
browse abandon right here. You can just
browse abandoned flow. Again, as a
buck. You can get more advanced and
build our own. So we go to build our own
but this will apply for any email
but to keep things simple we can have
buy and others they just want to see how
can design inside of Figma similar to
can edit text right inside of Claio like
can have the same flows for abandoned
can insert products right here. Drag
can see right here these different
can see right here, browse abandoned. If
can see the trigger is checkout started,
can see viewed product. And they already
can test using emojis or not using
cart abandoned is just one of the four
cart and abandoned checkout. They can be
cart flow. Let's talk about the checkout
cart is if I actually click this right
cart reminder and standard. I know it's
cart right here and make it added to
cart zero times. And we're going to say
cart, we don't want to have them. And
cart. So we want to make sure that
catch your eye? So changing the copy to
change these to kind of two days, but I
change this to one day. So boom, here's
channel. But just having these emails in
checked out 1 hour later. dynamic clavio
checkout abandoned flow, which is going
checkout abandoned. If you click in, you
checkout and abandoned cart are
checkout flow strategy just to save time
checkout right here since starting this
checkout right here, we're taken into
checkout started. Most brands have a
checkout we had a 30 minute time delay
checkout. And right here is what fires
checkout. So, I'm going to label this as
choose some of your best sellers to show
close to buying, they just need a little
code inside of Shopify and just insert
come in with the correct dynamic
conditional split right here. And what
content is loading and what exactly it
content, I like to start with Clavio
content. And you can actually see by
correct sort of variables that you need
correctly. That's going to be this one
couple thousand people, it may take some
create a flow. And for this flow, we
cuz nobody checked out a specific
cuz then they would get the browse
delay on the other. So what I would do
delay. Get rid of the SMS and then edit
delays and just build out our different
description if you're an e-commerce
did for abandoned cart right here.
different for everybody. The third
different subject lines and preview
different time
different. So that's why we use these
discount and then that textbased
discount. Make it personal. Offer
discount. Maybe they still want to shop
discount. Perfect execution right here.
discount. So again, just a simple email
discounts right off the bat. But I don't
do a workaround here. So all that you
do forgetting something and then preview
do is I'm going to go over the strategy
doesn't need to scroll. Which then leads
don't add to cart or checkout, and then
don't already. Then email three, this is
don't have it for added to cart. So, we
down and they're open to start
down the exact strategies and email
drop our emails and create our emails.
dynamic clavio block to show exactly
dynamic item that the person left behind
dynamic link which will take somebody to
e-commerce brands. I'm going to assume
each other. Four is social proof versus
edit the size of this however you want
email design, I have other videos on my
email here, just like this, we go into
email one is just encourage browsing.
email one. And then we have this one
email one. We have the subject line,
email sending provider already and
email that just says forgetting
email. Export this image just like
email. If we look at this other example
emails, and create them just like we did
emails. And this is going to recover
emails. If you want to learn how to do
emojis. Just test test. It's going to be
every single month if you do not have
everybody with the cart versus checkout
exact same, but focusing a little bit
exclusive deal. You can see the button
filters. I'll have this in the doc in
find that dot dot dot works really well
first email. So for abandoned cart and
first one is the time delay until that
flow for checkout started, but they
flow in the last 7 days, they're not
flow. And then also placed order.
flow. And then also we want to do has
flows live. These are the site
flows since we're going to have dynamic
flows. To just map this out for you, a
follow up with daily emails. You could
for email one. Again, you can see how
for getting opens. So to edit the email,
for one day. But if you're only getting
for some brands a 4-hour time delay is
for the side abandoned flow. The next in
for the trigger just like before we want
for. And then email two, this textbased
forget or maybe they don't get their
forgetting something, then preview text
forgetting something.
found that people need daily reminders
four is where we have discounts. We're
frequently asked question block goes a
from email, you're leaving money on the
get the most bang for our buck, we're
get you conclusive results. Go off feel.
getting your email sending provider set
give some brief product information.
give us just this quick little template.
go in and edit, you can see again since
go too crazy. And then we're going to
going over in this video in creating
going to be going over in this video,
going to be sending four emails for each
going to be textbased. So this is going
going to be the graphic one which you
going to get you the most bang for your
going to go off metric right here. And
going to have a video in the description
going to load just this plain text and
going to preview and test if the dynamic
going to receive this flow. So, these
good about our chocolate bars? If this
graphic based emails, which I showed
graphic with a couple different examples
guide on email marketing. And of course,
have a product section right here. So
have a section up at the top of our
have multiple follow-ups cuz people
have the profile filters here. But we
having like eight to 10 email flows, but
heading over to metrics. And then the
help you out. If not, you can reach out
here I have two simple diagrams just of
here and then we change change template.
here between the second email, which is
here we're just going to wait 30 minutes
here, this add to bag button. And then
here, we can see we have around like 200
here. And what we really are looking for
here. They're a little bit different.
here. This is going to fire the viewed
here. This is the template that we want
high up in the email so the customer
highest lever AB test is doing the
hit them with just showing the product.
hopefully it's Clavio. That's what I'm
how long you need to run a lot of these
if the product works, then maybe just
if we look at these examples right here,
if we wanted. Get rid of this copy and
if you have any questions and I'll get
if you have any questions. I know we
if you want to keep things simple, you
image of this, this, and then this in
image. And then boom, right here we have
important, put it in the PS section
impulse purchase to have email one where
in a couple of these emails and browse
in our browse abandon emails. So if we
in some social proof about how we're
in the last 24 hours just to be safe.
in the past 7 days. This is perfect. So
in the third emails, third and fourth
in your emails. But for others, if it's
information and FAQs that might get
information on the bottom. What's so
informational content. Some products
inside of Clavia. So, what I like to do
inside of Figma right here. So, you can
instead of carton checkout abandon where
integration, then reenable it, and it
is I would clone this, drag it here, and
is this dynamic Clavio block. This is
isn't generating at least 30% of revenue
isn't working, reach out to Claio
isn't working. If you don't see this
it and you could just have flows with
it because it is such a big problem. Not
it in, and then move this stuff over as
it to look. Edit the fonts. Essentially,
it'll be in the description for you. And
it's already going to load up with the
it's very easy to do and think of
just a different way to look at that
just duplicate our time delays and add
just get up and leave. Here's the flow
just go to create flow up here and then
just going to go over metrics and making
just have this dynamic section. And then
just like before, we're going to drag in
just need more information for people to
just showing general products. So we can
just test test test. When I'm setting up
just turn this on. And you just compare
kind of confusing, but this is actually
later answering FAQs and having a simple
later, you can see kind of a theme here
least $50,000 a month, and you want help
leave. The last flow we want to talk
left behind. And you can still go in and
lever is adding more emails. Usually
like it's a friend reaching out to you,
like to do that. I like to try to get
like we did for cart abandoned checkout
like we had before, we would upload the
little bit more graphics and people need
little ump. A lot of people will do
logo up at the top here. We have this.
long ways. So I highly recommend you do
look at a product page and I click right
look at email one, we're actually
look at some of the numbers. Again, it's
look at this product and then close out
looks like for users. And if any of that
lot of people do this. this strategy
make it seem like a friend is reaching
make that time delay the standard. The
metrics firing. Hopefully, you have an
minute time delay on this side and then
mixing in different social proof, but
money-making abandonment flows that you
money. But you can test that out and
month. Since we only have so few emails,
more on why the person came. So, if you
more time for these tests to actually
mostly mixing in other products. So, you
move pretty fast here, but I wanted to
much traffic this flow is getting for
newswsletter.com/subscribe. Get a 75page
next one in the funnel, which is
not been in this flow. You could do
not going too much in depth. Just kind
now. And if you want a link to the
nudge. So, let's actually build this
of Clavio. And we don't need to cuz
of e-commerce carts are abandoned. And
of popularity. And then email three and
of reminding them about what we stand
of the website right now. Next up and
of them. We don't just want to send one
on anything. But the second I actually
on site trigger. And you can check to
one and two that we're going to talk
one here or you can just build for
ones. So just copy the emails that you
onsite. That's the lowest in the funnel.
opening up a discount. Try to get
optimize these over time. Step zero is
optimized at all. These are optimized
optimized. So you need to make sure that
or frequently asked questions. Then
or so people who are firing this every
or the different items. We have a button
or two emails. We want to make sure we
order to convert. Test those against
order zero times since starting this
other ones, we want to talk about
other people are liking the product.
other products. So, let's show that to
our brand uniqueness, and try to point
our over 100 different e-commerce
our time delay right here to 4 hours.
out. That's the strategy. Nice and
over 200 styles you can choose from and
over complicate this. People are so
over. We want this to be 30 minutes. And
partners we work with right now. So, to
paycheck until Friday and they're
people are a lot lower intent. We want
people from those who place order from
people onto the website. And then a day
person added to cart, they already have
person didn't find exactly what they
personal based emails absolutely crush
personal reminder also educating on the
personal reminder. So, we've tried to
personally reaching out to get somebody
pick out what exact products you want.
place an order or they've been in the
place are what are going to be the main
pretty simple and they just want to know
product and we need to show that. We're
product right here. And if you click on
product trigger. You want to make sure
product, but they don't purchase. They
product. So right now I haven't clicked
products cuz now this person has a
products just in case somebody wants to
profile, that's going to fire the active
putting in some social proof and risk
quickest, most concise emails that are
random sample and then we can do a 50/50
random sample and then we'll have the 30
reach out to. Perfect execution. Nice
really just depends brand to brand.
receiving this flow or have been in this
recent study showed that seven out of 10
recommended items here. Now, this isn't
recover revenue. So, what I'm going to
reminder and then we enter with the
reminder, this for anybody who views a
reminder. You can see, hey, I hope you
reminder. address how our brand is
reminders, then we'll try to get the
research studies, yada yada yada. And
rest, whatever we wanted to do in this
revenue drivers for you. So, just like
reversals right here. And then answering
right here so that a person doesn't need
right here, this is in my cart. And
right here. And most brands just have a
right here. And then we just go right
right here. If you click on it, you can
right here. Time delay. We're going to
right here. You can see there are two
right here. You don't need to overthink
right, so those are the four
sales from people who look at items,
scrolling. So, we wait four hours. All
search for the correct flow here. We
second highest level AB test is your
section. And then also show other
see a simple button right here removing
see here like this example for Aloe. If
see if it is being tracked. If it's not,
see if you have this in Claio just by
see the copy right here. Everything that
see what this is tracking. Again, 80% of
seen it go a wide range. So to A to B
sending provider, specifically for
set there. Confirm our trigger. And then
setup. It's a huge opportunity to
seven figure brands, and this is the
shop for something else. We then follow
should show up. And right here, we can
show off some of our products, and offer
showing those testimonials is the better
simple this is. Just a simple reminder,
simple. Hey, here's your discount.
simple. So, inside of Claio, we can
simplicity right inside of Clavio. And
single day. So we're all good to go
some frequently asked questions. This
some time to check out other things and
somebody further down the funnel. Follow
somebody has viewed product zero times
somebody over the edge to purchase. They
something, I could do something like
something?" Or you could be more
strategy right here. It's very similar
subject lines and preview texts. This is
subject lines that are more browsebased
support. If you want to make it
support. They'll give you the correct
support. We just want to get these
sure these metrics are properly firing.
systems for recovery. I'm going to break
table. You can build this all yourself
take the person to their cart. Again,
team just works so well. And it looks
templates that are working today.
templates. So, let's do the cart
terms of revenue right here, and what
test the time delay, you have to kind of
tests that you should be running. The
tests. If you're getting millions of
text like you're one click away. And I
text. You don't need to change any of
textbased email, educate a little bit on
textbased last chance having a lot of
textbased like we have for our second
textbased sort of last chance on the
that I found it's starting to get a lot
that cart abandoned one but we can see
that into the copy of our emails. It's
that is the site abandon flow. All
that simple. So, that's the abandoned
that the dynamic content for abandoned
that up with just a simple reminder
that up with that discount, adjusting
that we do. Just two emails is perfect.
that we have set up, let's actually talk
that you can continue to convert people
that's really not necessary unless
that's what's going to fire this trigger
that. And if we just go in and preview,
that. And then email for just a
that. and other times you do need a
the 1 hour is doing. It depends on how
the best AB tests that you should run to
the brands I audit don't have a flow for
the browse abandoned flow if I were to
the cart which is perfect. Now, if you
the checkout page. We can just go guest
the checkout started trigger, which if
the content of your emails. You just got
the copy about still thinking about it.
the customer in the right direction
the customer. or you can do static and
the description. But very similar to the
the emails just like we did for
the footer. So get creative, mess
the funnel is going to be viewed
the funnel. but we want to make sure
the more reminders the better. So right
the numbers over time. If you click show
the person's product on the left and
the sale by saving margins first and
the same content but different triggers.
the trigger is actually checkout started
them back on the website to browsing. So
them be the same. And so what we see
them to actually find a product that
them to receive this. placed
them. And then following it up again
then I'll help map that all out for you.
then again, giving off that warm feel.
then also somebody hasn't gone to
then change it to 60 minutes. And then
then create it manually. And right here
then for the rest of the flow, we can
then if we can't get them with a couple
then inside it looks the exact same as
then just disable your Claio Shopify
then maybe education on how that product
then offer support just down here. Do
then remind them of the first item they
then showing off some of our products
then the information on the right. So,
then we can see our products and the
then you can test from there. So we can
then you have some issues. But right
there isn't any dynamic sections here
there. That's going to be the trigger
these and just be friendly and try to
these are the five highest levers AB
these emails here are. Don't need to
these four automated abandonment email
these others, but create our discount
these products. So you have these and
these templates that I've given you, but
these. You could just look over time
they don't view any products, they don't
they want. Or maybe their day has calmed
they're going to different customer
thing where we create a flow. And you
this
this dynamic section loaded in. We can
this flow. So we want to change this to
this in and you could do whatever you
this is a Claio template, it already has
this little gear, viewed product. Use
this person, which in this case is going
this product, do you want it? and then
this section. We could get rid of this
this template. And once we go inside, we
this time delay then to 1 hour. And just
this to a 30 minute
this video. So, we have abandoned cart
this. And if we click on then this is
this. Exported. Go back here. Upload
this. I hope you have a good one. Aas.
this. Use this slice tool to slice this
through Shopify. You can see this one
to be the optimal time. Give some people
to be the textbased one and then this is
to be this, and then it'll dynamically
to buy is way more impactful. And not a
to cart and checkout abandon. Almost the
to cart trigger, that newer one right
to change some of the text. You can test
to checkout. Here's the simple strategy
to do 30 days. And then boom, we're all
to do the active on site. So I'm just
to do. Click onto this. It's going to
to dynamically load in what that person
to eight figure e-commerce brands, these
to fire if I go to my cart and then
to fire that first email. We don't want
to go off of a template. Claio confuses
to go to the website to actually view
to it. Subscribe to my newsletter, inbox
to just one day. And then boom, we could
to see if waiting a little bit can get
to see kind of the product in action in
to send and have found to be optimal for
to shop by the different category and
to show other products because maybe a
to their support team. You don't need to
to wait too long. We want to get that
trigger that we want is active on site
try to keep this as quick as possible.
try to point them in the right direction
unique by saying like, you know, we have
up and making sure that you have these
up here and then some brief product
up there at number two, just because
upload images designing your emails
urgency in offering some support as
us to the Clavio dynamic block. And then
use this standard one, browse
verified by 40 patents. We have 26
visitors every single day, then probably
waiting 1 hour this time. I found that
waiting one day later having a personal
waiting to buy something. Or maybe
waiting to make a decision. Either way,
want to do if we want to make this email
want to do is you want to add a
want to have set up. These are the
want to make sure that we're doing both
want. And then for the textbased emails,
want. You could do dynamic and just show
wanted to be more advanced, you can
wanted. We then follow that up one day
way to go. Just test it out, see what
way. What's super key to know though is
we can change this to site abandon and
we can see that this is being tracked.
we could go in, grab images of like the
we could have, you know, a 2-hour time
we just do a simple reminder. We have a
we just want to go into template right
we look up, let me make sure I spell it
we wait one day here. So all that we
we want everything else to be the same.
we want to do is encourage browsing,
we want to make sure that these are
we're going to follow it up again with a
we're just showing that product, we want
we're tracking. If any of these triggers
website right here. And I have a Claio
website. So the second I load up Nike's
websites adding a few items to cart and
well. This 20 hours, so I'd change that
well. This is most bang for your buck.
what 80% of brands I audit don't have is
what the 30 minute delay is doing in
what the person left behind and then
what this is doing is it's going to show
when I'm building these abandonment
when you add more emails, you make more
where it's like, "Hey, did you forget
where we're going to do the discount.
which I showed you. Sometimes those
which is what we want for abandoned
which is why it works so well. You can
who were abandoning your products. So
why we use this Clavio template because
winning strategy for 2025. Here we have
with a discount opener dynamic clio
with all the links that you need to have
with all these flows, or your brand
with checking out our best sellers or if
with everything that I showed you. Or
with that text base, just personal.
with the link in the description, and
with the personal reminders, doing a
works is probably a better use of space
works. And then five, the next highest
you already have a platform and we're
you can book a strategy call with me
you can do with this split is do a
you can put in your copy right here. I'm
you can see them here. Did something
you got a new iPhone 16, you can shop
you have any questions or concerns?
you have this by just looking up viewed
you just go in and you can see we also
you need is right here. You can go off
you want to look it up, just look up
you're doing millions of dollars a
you're running AB tests over time so
you, versus doing textbased emails,
your order today or you're one click
your subject lines and preview text.
