 
$471,000 in the past 30 days compared to
16 sticks. Does that last a month? Does
500k a month uh for this brand and it's
And then right here, I'm comfortable
And then we have different flows that
And then we're going to do a last
And then what I would do here is I would
Brand story or USPS, so unique selling
Clavio to do that for you. Um, going on
Click here to stay subscribed. And
Discount opener. Win back. We're going
Email four, we are going to end this
Email one ready
Email two. Email three.
Even if somebody doesn't buy in the
Flow. 90% of the people watching this,
Here are picks just for you. This is
Here you can see the total amount of
I believe they're giving 30% off all
I have subscriptions, we're going to
I would do, it looks like they're giving
I'd also consider a bundle offer where
I'm about to pack as much value as I can
If they have bought from us,
Immediate post purchase. We want
It's going to lower your cost per
It's like, I do have a card of Banner
Last chance discount. Uh win back. We're
Make sure you have an added toart
Nothing. If they We're just going to
So I might show their uh their money
So here's all the pre-purchase these
So, in the popup, doing a mystery
So, these are the two differences and
So, we're going to crossell. Um,
So, welcome flow. These are like some
Somebody goes to your website but they
That's a completely different video in
That's all that we need. And this is
That's long enough time. This person is
The clavio tricker is active on site.
Then we're going to do a discount closer
They're looking at it. They're looking
This is kind of what we want to do. Show
This is the 8 figureure setup that we
This person still can claim their
Try this out. Wait 7 days. This person
Uh, welcome you. Number one, discount
Um, and then we're gonna want this win
Um, and um, yeah, that's really all we
Um, so that's what we want uh there on
We have the browse bannon. Somebody
We want to show give them the impression
We'll wait 3 days. That's all you need
We're going to have cross cell right
We're holding stock for you to have a
What I would probably do is I'd probably
You can add different splits on what
You test these. You add different splits
YouTube video on this, but this is what
a killer welcome flow that's going to
a lot for people. Remove buyer remorse
a lot of content repeatedly. And so
a third email just pushing people to
abandon and cart abandoned is we'll
abandon. If somebody actually adds to
abandon. We can do literally the same
abandoned. So check your Clavio account.
abandoned. They're missing on the cart
abandonment. So, we're going to have a
abandonment. Then, we're going to have
abandonments. The site abandon is going
able to get them without the discount
acquisition. Just trust me, we've tested
add to cart and then they leave. We need
addresses. You just have to have it.
again. It's so simple, but this people
aggressive, we can do emails too and we
all you need for this sort of system.
also do that we like to do for checkout
also get a shaker bottle. Maybe you also
always, always, we're going to have just
and SMS team. Link will be in the
and best sellers. And so what I would do
and checkout abandon. Um, that's
and it's like a big offer. Maybe you
and just like a couple emails in place
and save on margins. So I like to wait
and see what that would be like for us
and that's perfect. We can wait a couple
and they just really stand out. And we
and um in 2025 so I would try to do a
and we want to get them back. Um, then
and we're going to just have a couple
another doc um going a little bit more
another week. Be like, "You liked this?
anything too different here. Ideally,
are going to be for each of these. So,
are going to do discount opener.
are going to duplicate this quite a few
aren't what just happened there. We big
as you're hyper optimized, you really
at the price. They view that product and
automations that you set up once for
back guarantee, whatever it is, some
back. And then we're gonna want a sunset
based on if people have bought before.
based on product quantity. My guess
be sharing with you in the exact thought
because not everybody's going to buy
because this person might um we might be
before they go check out one of our
before we started working with them.
bests sellers. If you have one product,
billing failed, yada yada yada, all this
bit more advanced, a little bit more
bought?
brand story.
brand uh since we started working with
brand. If I'm someone like Liquid IV and
brands only have this checkout
brands, you don't need to do it right
brands. Bring in about 471,000 450 to
brands. It's a multi-day decision,
browse abandoned flow. But sideband
browse abandonment. I'll explain these
browser abandoned as well. Would
bundle offer, but you're completely fine
but post-purchase, this is what I like
buy, 30 days after they buy. You can
campaigns three to four times per week
can get another uh get some more because
can say um you like we'll say something
cancelled. We're going to need um lapsed
card abandon.
cart, then they click checkout. They see
chance.
checkout abandon. These are going to be
checkout abandonment. These are all
competitors. Email three, we're going to
competitors. Um, oopsies, didn't mean to
core flows and the strategies that I
couple emails reminding them of that
crazy. We have a figure systems that um
creatives, all the strategy, all the
customer completes a specified action
day in between all these checkout
days there and then we are all set.
description if you want to book a call
designs. We want to have onbrand copy.
did you see this? Or did you check this
different from each other and I will go
different or if we have a store with a
different stuff that we'd have to have
discount because we need to have a
discount opener.
discount, then we can have an optional
discount. And then email two and three.
discount. So that's what I would do
discount. Then, we're going to give a
discount. You can't just have an email
discount. You have your welcome
discount? So if I'm Liquid IV, what
do is say we're giving $10 off a first
do social proof.
do that. Um, drill them every other day
do this um and then email two, I'm going
don't actually view any products. We
don't know why that keeps doing that.
don't view any products. So for this we
don't worry about that. Just wait one
down to keep buying. We're going to wait
email and then they have to go to their
email by email and the strategy that
email for abandoned cart, then that
email for discount closer. We don't want
email just performs well. So that's all
email marketing flows that bring you
email marketing flows, these are the
email one. Just a simple we miss you
email to claim and it's $10 off. and
email to like actually look at that
email, we're going to add a split and
emails are going to fire whenever a
emails like a story of the brand, unique
emails, we need to also mention the
emails.
emails. Four emails is just ample. It's
enough enough reminders for somebody to
especially if you have a high AOV
every single email right here.
everything that we need here. We're
exact the same exact uh sequence right
examples. This is a doc. I have a
execution and everything here. So, hope
finally, you know, buy. People need
first off, of course, we're going to
first we want to start off with pre
flow,
flow, then you're going to have a lot of
flow. And then we're going to want I
flows and as long as they're hyper
flows that we have. We have pre-
flows, and then we'll go in a little bit
flows, we want to have at least four
for last chance because sometimes a
for our brands and so people are getting
for post purchase. We're going to be
for some reason it's not letting me
for something like this, I do 180 days.
for that because you might think you do.
for that. Browse abandon. I like to do
for the first email. Keep it simple. No
for you. Um something like that where we
foundation of the relationship. Even if
four. Um, that's something a little bit
from us, we're going to say
get something some sort of bundle offer
give best sellers or product
go too crazy for it. Um, so what I'd
go. Side abandon is going to be anybody
going to be one flow that we need to
going to be using liquid IV. So, for
going to do some social proof.
going to have to time it based on
going to show a bunch of different
going to split
going to suppress that person's profile
going to wait 7 days and then we'll wait
has bought from us before. Have they
have any questions. Make sure you check
have here for one of our 8 figureure
have here is just an immediate post uh
have post purchase over here.
have the welcome flow, which is when
have uh set up and we need to make sure
haven't bought from campaigns. This is
here
here though. We're going to wait like
here where, hey, this is the last chance
here, I like to start off always,
here, so it's like, okay, what do I
here.
here. I would wait one day. Um, we want
hopefully that was helpful. Let me know
if they didn't open because we want to
if you have any questions and if you
if you like this, you'll
immediate
immediate post purchase flow. And then
impression. We want to have clean
in 15 minutes. We're going over 2025
in a second. Uh we're going to have cart
in place for that. And then check out
in place here to uh get somebody to buy.
information, and then they leave. Most
information. So right here since we have
into depth of what these look like, but
is exactly what we have set up for this
is still receiving campaigns." So,
it is, we want to time it out. So, we're
it typically last two months? Whatever
it up with a textbased. That's what
it's designed. Mix in a text based email
it's just like a trial offer where you
itself because we need to have
just do this optional discount opener
just going to be intro
keep it as is. If they haven't bought
know why that pasted in here. Um but we
last chance. And if you want to do a
less likely to purchase down the line
lifting a finger. This is a brand we set
like a brand that we're we know what
like and we're going to time it right
like email one with um email one. We're
like that like hey this is what else is
like that works really really well. Um
like that. Email one. Is this it?
like the 8020 of generating results. So,
like this. And that's perfect. Split
like to implement uh that are kind of
like um why not place another something
literally show the product and then uh
little bit of social proof slash
little bit of urgency. We're holding
lot of different products, then I'm
lot of money. It's really all you need.
many people in. um into the welcome
marketing flows. And so, these are the
might be interested in, make customized
might not that might not be enough. This
money for this brand. It's about 28% or
months. So 90 days, 120 days, something
more advanced. You can do that for cart
more depth over there. But, I want to
move through this as fast as I can. So,
multiple reminders. They need time to
my guess is most will be a 45day um,
need a lot more flows for subscriptions.
need to make sure that you're setting
need to set up filters for somebody
need.
need. And then you just hyper optimize.
no, you have a checkout abandoned flow.
notifications. So, upcoming billing,
objections and show the exact product
objections in that email. That's all you
of our brand. We want to come off as
off or percent off works fine. Um, I'd
off the bat, but that's something that
offer to make sure you get as many
on a bad note. Then they're going to be
one day here and then we're going to add
oopsies, what do I do here? We want an
optimized, they're going to be making a
or every day before they can check out
or two. Um and then you're all good to
order
order, you can here. If you want to get
order. PS, if you want to place another
our different flows. So, we have our
out abandonment and then let's move
out this next video which is super
out. Um, we're going to need things like
out? Like what you saw? Something like
over these differences for you. Check
overcome objections in textbased email.
overlook it, but it often gets 2 to 3%
paste. Um, I would test
people in on the pop-up form, then as
perfect. Every single one of these
person back.
person bought. If somebody bought one
person, they might be checking out other
placed order rates. So that's something
pleasure reminder. Uh we're going to
pop-up form to collect people's email
pouch, we'd have to look into look into
pre-purchase and then we're going to
pre-purchase flows are going to be our
pretty much exactly what we have. So
pretty pretty dire of a situation. If
process. The exact strategies and emails
product people have viewed, what they
product quantity. Usually
product where things take time. Uh, but
product. Cart abandoned. Somebody clicks
products and just be like these are our
products. We want to have a email or two
profile um at if they haven't um we're
properly educate somebody and introduce
propositions there. Have a couple filler
propositions. That's what I would do
purchase and everything over here on
purchase and then post-purchase after.
purchase before somebody makes a
purchase. In the popup, I'd say, "Hey,
push email one, just thank you for your
questions. You could plug in any one of
ready to unengage from the list. So,
really need. Um, so that's what we want
recommend doing that as well. A little
reminder. And we're going to do that for
reminder. We're going to want a win back
replenishment reminders, everything like
right here. And then we go to cart and
right here. Show some of the best
right off the bat. So, welcome flow is
right when they buy, they're down to buy
rising every single month. Um this is
save money on our Clavio bell. And boom,
saying like, "Hey, 30% off your first
sellers, maybe some unique selling
selling propositions, frequently asked
sending campaigns. We're sending email
sets off the uh the um the relationship
shopping. This is super key. People
site abandonment. We're going to have a
slash riskreversals.
so many different liquid IV products, if
so that is coming from the flows alone
so, we'll go over those. First, I want
social media
some FAQs down at the bottom. That's
some social proof. Uh, we have
some urgency. We have some background,
somebody goes to your website and then
somebody joins the email list. We need
someone hasn't opened an email in three
something like that, but if not, dollar
something like this, then we can build
something like this. And then we're
something that we like to do. For some
something to get them over the edge. I
sort of stuff. So, there's a lot of
split based on product um quantity
split right here based on if somebody
split right here. And that's what we
still hasn't bought. So, email three, we
still receiving campaigns and they
stock for you. This is your absolute
stronger discount for emails three and
stuff. This is really all you need. This
stupid amounts of money without you
subscribed a little, they unsubscribed a
subscriber win back. So, somebody who
subscription
subscription activated,
subscription and just push them to that.
subscription even though you don't need
subscription flows. I can write a couple
subscription only discount if I really
subscriptions. So I'd have a popup
super key um for making sure that we get
systems that this is literally exactly
tell them, hey, you have your welcome
terrible looking designs because that
test a dollar off versus percent off and
test the hell out of your acquisition
test,
textbased
textbased email, a plain text based
textbased from founder. These just mean
thank you
that first month. I would probably do
that is it. This is all the advanced
that it's firing really well. I don't
that the person left behind. So, there's
that was helpful. Let me know if you
that we want to do here. We're going to
that's it. If somebody doesn't open this
that's okay. Something that we could
that's what we like to do here. A
that. And then we're going to go over
that. and really push people for
the brand. How long does one pouch last?
the designs. You really don't need to do
the pre-purchase flows that we want,
the pre-purchase. I'm going to go over
the pricing, they see the shipping
the relationship on on the right note.
the welcome flow, what we want to do
them a few months ago. So, let's go over
them to the brand. This is what sets the
then also do um a mystery discount test.
then just go over like FAQs or overcome
then they leave. We want to have a
then we say they sign up with their
then what are we going to do?
there. Um that's super important, super
these are the post-purchase flows. And
these flows. For an example brand, I'm
these post-purchase ones over here.
these. And then we always want to end
they leaves. They don't click on any
they physically click on a product page.
they run out, ready to refill. And then
they're going to buy from campaigns
they're not buying from campaigns, we're
think about their decision, yada yada
this is often a period where people are
this many, many times. So, what I would
this out for you, myself and my team. Uh
this product right here. You can follow
this. This is all you need. And as long
this. Um and so email one, that's what
threeish emails. Uh, email one. Um,
times because we're going to set up all
to be somebody who goes to your website.
to build all this out, do all the
to claim your discount. So that's what
to do for post-purchase. I don't like to
to do here. And I'll go over an example
to drill these people every single day
to enter your email." Then we could do
to follow it up. Email two, um overcome
to give a discount right off the bat um
to have a discount to try to get this
to have a welcome flow. We need to have
to have flows in place for that. Emails
to our post-purchase flows right here.
to refill. We're just going to show them
to tackle like all of these pre-purchase
trigger and make sure you have a flow
trigger anything with your email
try out all sorts of different bundles
two days here. That's all we need for
two. Um, need another reminder,
typically, but it's good to have this.
uh have a lot of traffic into these
uh right here. All these emails we're
uh, in general, typically for most
um and it the bundle just applies to
um if we want to but slightly change up
um optional
um that has allowed them to 4x their
um your cart is ready to ship. just
up this exact strategy that I'm going to
valuable um just like this video. Thank
very similar. And I'm going to say your
views a product and then they leave. So
views a product then they go into the
waiting one day in between all of these.
waiting one day in between them. So
want for win back. We want to start off
want to do is I would want to do a
want to have PS click here to keep
want to time it based on what this
want to work with me to build out
wanted to push uh subscriptions. So what
way up at the top of the email button
we have a product with a lot of
we just want to say need help and then
we need for the welcome flow. We have
we want for the welcome flow. Make sure
we want to do for like a welcome flow.
we want to do. Email two, I like to do
we'd go about here for liquid IV. Uh,
we're doing. We can be trusted, yada
we're going to do here is going to do
we're going to have That's really all we
we're going to have like all the billing
we're going to suppress this person's
we're going to want a replenishment
we're premium e-commerce email marketing
we've set up for this brand generated
welcome discount
welcome discount. So, we're going to
welcome flow and then the rest of the
welcome flow, we want to set a good
what I like to do for email one, email
what we want to do right here
what we're doing. Sunset is going to be
when they're ready to refill. Right when
where you don't mention the discount.
whether they abandon a cart after they
whether they join your email list,
which is going to be for people who are
while ago and it's like 3 months later
who goes to the website um but they
will be fine there. But that's really
win back. We don't need to do anything
with a last chance discount.
with discount
with doing uh I would try bundle offer
with giving a discount if this person
with subscription
with this last chance discount right
work, but you can add a split inside of
would I discount? Probably what I would
yada. Um, if you only send like one
yada. You can't just slap together
you can do. You can also do it for
you do, but if you're stuck on time,
you have a mystery discount." Enter your
you're even no matter what you do, you
you.
your brand and then it's going to these
