 
10% off. Use this code, claim my
2026 and beyond. People just are kind of
And for this last email, it's going to
And inside this email, we want to have a
And so I just copy and pasted the
And then also has not been in this flow
And then you want to do this exact setup
As you can see, this is not as simple as
But really, we don't need to change
But this is what we like to do here for
Claio, and then reenable it. That should
Clavio is going to generate it for us
Clavio. So I'm just going to do this
FAQ section. And then for email three,
FAQs right here. So, it's going to be
FAQs? For this specific email, they were
Highly recommend you check it out. Now
However, they're missing one metric, and
I can delete this and do this right
I can go back in configure the AB test
I deleted the time delay and we are now
I'm going to exclude the price cuz maybe
I'm going to upload everything as
I'm not going to do this now just for
I've always seen that that performs
In this case, we want the URL that the
It's a sock brand. We know you're ready.
Just would need to add the creatives for
Now we can do that. You can go and copy
Once we do that, it's going to take us
Right now you, yes you, have people
So, if you click onto this email, we
So, there are a few FAQs to do with
So, usually something like that can work
Somebody looks at a product page. And
Something you can also do if you ever
Then we'll have the Clavio dynamic
There's a good balance of making sure
This app right here, it's where I like
a cart abandoned flow and this is not a
a customcoded website or anything like
a just a frame. It's literally just a
a little bit more on FAQs instead of
a little bit more urgency. like don't
a template from Clavio called the browse
abandoned flow, and then some of the
abandoned flow. So, we're going to say
abandoned flow. You could also build
abandonment at the top. We're going to
about the trigger, what fired, price,
actual person. You want to personally
address for this button. I can pull it
address, you want this right here. Then
all set. It is all functionally set up
all that we want to do right here is
also adjust the dynamic section if you
an email like this within Figma, this is
and all your other abandonment flows
and email three. But what we're going to
and everything. So, if you wanted to
and it's going to plug in this flow
and leaves, we want to send them this
and paste the prior dynamic link that we
and then we are going to create this and
and then we have our preview text. We
and what offers work specific for you.
anymore. But I found it's highest
anything too much. I just like to focus
are a couple different options that we
are a lot more flows to cover. So if you
at a specific product and then left
back option. So, this is where you could
be a textbased email. So, I'm just going
be eventurl and so it's going to take
be whatever you want it to be and you
because that should fire a different
because this is a client account. You
before anybody receives any of these
behind Rebel Bro. We started this brand
best AB tests that you should run. If
bests sellers and then we show some of
bestsellers button, we want to link them
better. Then we can go into actually
bit different because Claio added this
bit more aggressive because it makes it
block. We'll have this button and then
boom, now it's going to be highlighted
brand. As you can see here, hey there,
brands, and we've generated $150 million
brands. Today, I'm going to walk you
browse abandoned flow. Somebody looked
but I can do include price. And in this
but they didn't like it? They might be
can book a call with us below. We built
can change this to whatever we want. Do
can click save, you can test it,
can exclude buttons, you can have shop
can look right here. It's going to show
can preview this with the dynamic
can roll with this. But I want a higher
can see this icon called smart sending.
can still convert for you. And so it's
can test if this is properly pulling for
checkout abandoned flow. This is a
click right here, and it's going to give
clicked this, we want to link them to
clothes for boys with exceptional
collection page, they didn't view the
coming out to be. We go then to the
consists of four emails. Let's get into
converting browse abandoned flow. There
converting email. So we are going to go
converting to hit them with emails while
converts better for me. It's a little
cool design features right here. Shop
correct. We want to make sure anybody in
correctly. Now, we can build our email
could do. We can see right here there is
couple of times because this current
create AB test section right here. Once
create a highconverting browse abandoned
creatives of these emails. Now, you can
creatives. We can do that for email two
customers. I'm going to blur this out
day before we send the second email. And
default section. So if there's ever an
default tag and I'll show you that in a
depend on your brand and your margins
developer or something. But now, let's
different copy up at the top. Maybe have
directly to that page. Then we have this
disable your integration with Shopify,
discount, maybe they don't want to use
discount. And thanks for rolling with
do a social proof section and then a
do something like nike.com and then
do with the creatives is we're going to
dollar off, you can do a free gift,
don't want them to receive these emails.
don't want them to send browse abandoned
don't want to wait 10 minutes because
don't want to wait a day cuz that person
down here, just for the sake of time, I
downloaded all these images. Now, we can
duplicate this image block a couple of
dynamic clavia block showing exactly
dynamic link is going to take the person
dynamic section, we can click this
dynamic section. I'm going to drag a new
editing this template right inside of
either design your emails within Figma,
email 4, we like to do something fun
email address and they looked at a
email and then we're all good to go. We
email cuz this is a very high converting
email design if you want to check it
email inside of Clavio. And I'm not
email is a graphic based email. So, I'm
email marketing flows, you can watch
email number two and then three. So,
email right inside of here. And then we
email which we can view it right inside
email, we ended up deciding to mix the
email, you can see it's just a table.
email. And that's why it works so well.
email. And then to build the rest of the
email. So, for all of my abandonment
emailed profiles. That's what smart
emails and expect to make sales. See,
emails or anything within this flow,
emails. So, that is the flow that we are
essentially how we would then bring this
exactly how you are going to do the
exactly what that left behind. And I
example email, this textbased email
firing the flow. This viewed product
fix this and get it to works. Every once
flow emails, I want to turn this
flow inside of your email platform,
flow is going to be this viewed product
flow to and recover sales. If you do not
flow, card abandoned flow, checkout
flow, the checkout abandoned flow, which
flow. If somebody places an order, we
flow. To be extra careful, I actually
flow. We want them to go into the cart
flows. So, make sure you turn that one
focus here. We're going to have some
for another video. But that's exactly
for each customer. So, you can do
for it below. It's completely free.
for the exclude price one, I'm going to
for the past 30 days, it's correct. If
for this image. You want to do a top
for we already have this first email.
for? It has some text. You can edit this
frame. And then we have a text box right
from the dynamic section here. What this
from you, they clicked on that email,
generate millions of dollars in
get into actually creating this flow and
get them with a discount. So, we want to
getting too crazy or confusing. What
give social proof and we show other
give some social proof like having these
give them a discount code right up at
go into the plain text email, which when
go to edit email right here. I'm going
go. And something like this typically
goes over all four abandonment flows and
going to change for each customer,
going to do that in this case. And then
going to go into the specific designs. I
going to just use their template right
going to pull the product image. Link
going to put in our oneh hour time delay
going to rock with for today. Let's get
going to show the price right here. And
going to show them exactly what that
going to your website looking at
have other videos on design. But
have the dynamic section here. You can
have this currently set up within your
headline. Well, what are you waiting
here by mixing in a textbased email from
here is I can exit. I can click done and
here we go. We have these set up. Now,
here, and you can adjust this however
here, we can create a flow. Now there
here, which there's one missing. Let's
here. And then we are all good. Let me
here. I'm going to name it test browse
here. Let's upgrade that sock drawer.
here. Right now, we can change this to
here. We have the logo. We have the full
here. You can see Clavio has this sort
highly recommend it. But if you're short
hour before we send this first email. We
hours, it's going to skip them from
how this is going to look. You can
how to build this in Clavio. Just bear
how to upload these emails by using
ideas. Goes over also the site abandoned
if in that same time that person also
if somebody received an email campaign
if that person just viewed that product,
if you want the product name, you have
if you want to see if we can help you as
image blocks. So you can see how this is
image, you want it to be a dynamic image
images. So, here I am here just
important to understand that this is not
in a while, it breaks, but disabling
in e-commerce sales in the process. So,
in loss sales for e-commerce [music]
in on the results. I have this talk that
in the email. And then I can do the same
in the funnel, such as adding it to cart
insert the price into this email, all
inserted a product feed for you, which
interested in something else. So, this
interested in your product that you have
into Clavio is you would have to use
into Figma and we are going to create
into building this inside of Clavia. So,
into someone and look at everything
into the cart abandoned flow, but what
into this texton builder right here. And
into your email sending platform just
is directly to the product that they
is like all they have to do is like say
is perfect. You can switch this with any
is we'll put that link in. It's going to
is why I saved this discount for you.
issue with the link or the dynamic
it as email one test include price. So
it good. You have to set up the flow,
it has the trigger. It waits 2 hours and
it there. And then price right here. You
it to your main homepage. So, maybe I'd
it's Ashley here, the Rebel mastermind
it's going to double check that the
it's showing somebody exactly what they
it. So, here is a simple strategy that
item that they viewed. And I'll go over
just going to clone these. Put you here.
just keep it simple. We threw in some
just like this. just name it name it
just pushing one specific collection.
just rename these to browse abandoned
just send people if it didn't work. For
just throwing in one email and calling
kind of like to say in the last seven or
know this is blurred, but you can see
left behind. And since they have a
left behind. You can adjust the copy to
left section right here. You want the
left. Well, if somebody viewed a product
let's walk through the rest of these
like an actual friend sending you an
like for example what that could look
like this is going to convert because
like this. But essentially, we've
like this. Can bold this section and
like to do this. And then boom, we're
like. We do the dynamic clavio block. We
link. So for the link, we want to use
looks at that specific product page.
maybe I want to test including the price
maybe for preview text? I'll be we held
maybe for this one I'm going to do name
maybe including the price within your
metric we were just talking about. And
metric which in this store you can see
might not be interested anymore. We
miss out on thousands and thousands and
more depth for the browse abandoned flow
much you can do inside of here, but it
nail the timing, and know exactly what
name and then the price. And you'll also
need to basically guide them back into
now buttons, whatever you want. For now,
of Clavia. So we have our subject line
of Clavia. This is going to target
of here. But even Claio gets some things
of sales resistance. And the strategy
of template for us right here. It has a
of the other items or go back to this
off. Now, let's get to the actual
okay if you're short on time to use
on mobile. And this looks perfect. It'll
on time, you can also do it right inside
one of these products. And I can show
one of these. So if I wanted to recreate
one we're going to do exclude [music]
onto it. We want to create texton email.
or it's not showing any numbers, then
or placing an order. I've used this flow
our brands. Typically here, it makes
out email flows for over 200 different
out. You can operate within Figma. I
over. You can have a default where it
part is within Claio, we can set up AB
people aren't going to be interested
people in the same flow at the same
people that we could send this email
people who view a specific product on
people will click or engage at a higher
perfect. And again, the nuance with
perfect. And then we can publish this
person left behind. And so if you don't
person looked at. So, if I click this,
placed order zero times to starting this
platform you're using, you can head over
platform. So, we're going to drag in
popular categories, you can have it be
pretty much all set. And then boom. All
pretty well. And honestly, like if
price. And so then what I'm going to do
problem is it's a bit limited in how
product metric that I was just telling
product page. These are 201 potential
product section. For this specific
product, then they're going to get fired
products and not ordering a single
products are definitely fun. And so
products, we don't want to barge them
products. What I've done here is this is
profile follows these rules. So this
pull in first name as well if we wanted
quality made to last. Our mama
random stuff. Then we'll be able to
rate if they don't see the price until
really hits well for the customer in
received an email within the past 12
receiving this email. Now, we don't want
recovered revenue. So if we go to flows
reenabling usually fixes it. If you have
remind them of that discount and give
rest of these time delays in and then I
right here and show you one of these. We
right here before we send the first
right here we can see on October 29th
right here. And you can see right here
right here. I just copy and pasted this
right here. So we have the include price
right within Claio. And we'd actually
rule right here, checkout started zero
sake of time. If you want to see exactly
says um for example, you can just take
scroll down, we can see skip recently
second. But essentially what we do here
section if we want. Right here we can
section right here. Delete you. So now
section stops working there's this fall
section, this if somebody clicks this
section. You can see it looks a little
see if you can find it. But essentially
see some stuff pulled down here because
see this viewed product section, this
see what it looks like on desktop and
seem like for the customer, their order
send one day apart because somebody just
sending is. And so, if anybody's
sense. They were so close to buying,
set up a high converting flow like this
show the item that they left behind. And
showed that they were active on our
similar. We're going to mention their
skeleton, I'm just going to put these
slice because we're going to add that
slowly going to waste. That's why in
so days because how most sites are set
social proof for this email. And then we
social proof. And we like to answer some
some reason, the event didn't get passed
somebody added the cart from a
somebody adds to cart, we obviously
somebody's viewing multiple different
someone has added to cart. We're going
something like this. And then you'll see
something like your order is ready to
something super important that we want
sort of discount. Now, it's going to
sort of social proof section. You could
specific products that you want to show
specific setting off. And I see brands
specific to your brand. What are your
start to mess [music] things up because
strategy. And then we're going to wait 1
strategy. Now, this is where most people
stuff. So, you want to reach out from an
supporters mean everything to us, which
test if we want right here. But I'm not
testimonials right here. And we also
tests on these emails. So if you wanted
text directly inside of Clavio. The only
texton editor. Now we can put in the
that at the top of the email before we
that discount on that product. So, you
that in these second emails have this
that is the added to cart metric. If
that person to whatever the event URL
that same formula from the other email.
that specific product, which these
that this is firing whenever somebody
that we would have to do here is we
that we're going to use to do that
that's the only thing where you'd have
that, you're going to have to talk to a
that. And then a social proof section.
the abandonment. You can do percent off,
the buy button without raising any sort
the dynamic section. So this is what is
the exact strategy that we've used to
the filters. You can see that the
the fonts, you can change the colors,
the moment. You can use wording like
the money you're spending on ads is
the products right here if somebody
the team or from the founder. It's going
the top of the email. We want to address
them a little bit more education on your
them to buy is going to be easy. You
then also what it's going to look like
then it sends this browse abandoned
then they have profile filters right
then we are all good to go. You can also
there is our first email. And that's
there were 201 people who we have their
these designs, again, check out this
these website visitors might be
they do. So, if we click into this
they go to the page. And what I can do
they might still be browsing on the
they viewed a product, and then they
they're not going to buy. Maybe we can
thing. Which means if you don't have a
this email two times right here. So
this email, this email, and then also
this fancy section right here, which is
this flow has not gone to checkout
this for you for now with a dot dot dot.
this image block right here. And then
this is product feed. Essentially,
this is the product. Then it has the
this is what's going to be the dynamic
this is where we can create the email.
this one, it's going to be pretty
this slice feature here. And you can
this to be turned on for flows. Cuz what
this video and I will see you over
this video, I'm going to show you how to
those three right here. I'm just going
thousands of dollars by having this
through exactly how to do the same. It's
time. So, just as like a fail safe, I
times and then put in the rest of these
times starting this flow. That's
tired of seeing only corporate based
to AB test the headline or something or
to be a personal touch point, which
to best sellers. Whereas if somebody
to design emails. I have a video on
to do at each stage. So, if you want to
to do is if we go into this email, we
to do that. I can just click preview
to drag another email section right
to duplicate this email right here a
to generate tens of millions of dollars
to go over into this dynamic section and
to have its own link. And so if we go
to metrics. And the specific metric that
to offer. That doesn't mean that getting
to put in this. You can see like the
to say zero times since starting this
to see that it's not there. That's
to upload different image slices. That's
trigger it's going to be take the person
trigger right here inside of your Claio
trigger right here is that viewed
trigger, you can see that this is what's
turned on within their abandonment
two right here. somebody can shop some
up is people can actually add to cart
upload the images right inside of
upload the links. You can pull the link
upload these emails as images. So I
upload these images within this
uploaded one big image right here, which
uploading as images is each image needs
uploading the images. I'm going to
urgency as you want here. And then for
us. You can see it feels personal. Feels
used for the button in the other email.
video which shows how to upload emails
video, I'm going to be doing it inside
viewed a product? I don't want these
viewed. Pretty sweet. And then boom,
views a product, we're going to wait 1
wait another day before we enter some
wait too long since it's very popular at
walks through these even in a little bit
want to also see the complete guide to
want to go to the text. You can change
want to have different slices for each
want to pull specific information, if
want to show other products because what
want to show some other products as
want to skip the Claio dynamic section
wanted to shop other items. So that
was which for browse abandon email and
way of bringing them back and buying,
we are going to be using to fire this
we click this, it's going to duplicate
we go to the exclude price. We're going
we have the full email right inside of
we pull in some testimonials with some
we use that you can steal as well.
we want to build the plain text email,
we want to treat differently. Then also
we wouldn't want to do because this
we're all good with this one. The best
we're going to do is after somebody
we're going to enter a discount. Put
we're going to look at the triggers and
website. So, we want to wait one hour.
website. Sometimes if you wait a week or
well, book a call below. Either way,
well. Boom. Super simple. Add as much
what Claio has done here is they've
what that person left behind. We want to
what this profile filter is saying is
what you have to do is you have to
whatever one you're using. In this
whatever platform you're using with
whatever you want to do. And then you're
whatever you want to do. And this is
whatever. You want to show what they
when we're building the email, we click
which is what I'm operating within here.
whoever receives this email. And it's
will slot in the emails. Now, I like to
with me as I go through the full
with one goal in mind. Create cool
with subject line ideas and preview text
with the same flow. That's correct.
with this variable right here. That's
without going any further. And so, if
without having to do all this work, you
without viewing a product. So, what if
would be a viable option for having this
would just need to adjust the creatives
would up I would export these images
wrong, which I wish they didn't, but
yes and we will send them their order.
you can let this test run and then check
you cannot just throw in any series of
you click preview, you can actually look
you go inside of Clavia or whatever
you have the right content, but not
you have their attention. So, we have
you have to do is you have to click, you
you know exactly how to create a high
you see something you liked and then
you that formula, which is pretty sweet.
you that once we're inside of Clavio.
you wait like a couple days, these
you want this doc, I'll have the link
you want. You can include buttons, you
you're able to pull in dynamic products
you're super short on time, something
you. So, if we click use template,
your own flow, but in this case I'm
your website, but don't go any further
