 
$150 million from these image based
$500,000 per month for this brand, you
2026 customer is that they're probably
600 width. Then, typically, like for an
All right. So, I put in our points over
And I did a just like in the footer of
And all that we're going to be doing is
And all you have to do create a file.
And if you want to use this, you can
And so what we can do here that's just
And so, I'm going to remove image
And so, they simplify it down to this.
And so, we want to change this to be
And the colors throughout making sure
And then boom. I'm going to make a
And then to kind of like stand out a
And then we can upload our images, and
And then we have a consistent color
And this is why I waited for my image to
Anyways, this is what we have. And then
Because again, fun, immersive designs
Because this brings us to the last part,
Boom. So we're really separating us from
But now that we have a button, they
But that is what high converting copy
CTA stands for call to action. And
CTA. And then we are going to have a
Figma and build an email so you can know
Figma. It is the best design app. It is
Figma. You have the different fonts
For decades, big brand taught you to
HTML in your emails. This is a $200
However, I've also learned that this is
I want you to notice about the structure
I would like to make this button a lot
I'll have a CTA, which is the button.
I'm going to be doing an educational
I'm going to copy and paste this and
I'm going to copy and paste. And then
I'm going to rightclick, move this to
I'm just going to do this. Maybe move
I've uploaded our images. Now, we I can
In the past 4 years, I've generated $150
Ireland. So then it gives like our
It's literally that easy. Trust me,
Let's see if that boom. I cannot even
Looks pretty pretty solid. And honestly,
Maybe something that I'd want to do to
Noun Project. And so, you can literally
Now, we can slice our email. So, we have
Now, you can see the copy right here. It
Okay, so I just imported an image right
Omnis send has all these templates that
Pets. If you know ButcherBox, meat
So now it looks a lot smoother. The only
So we have a clear headline right here
So, I can go in and highlight all of my
So, I literally gave Chat GPT this email
So, at most, we really want it to be
So, let's create an email for them. I'm
So, let's get ahead and add the
So, they added an unsubscribe link in
So, we need to make sure we have a
So, you slice this and then you can
That's not craftsmanship. That's
The person is probably going to see up
Then this gets messed up. I'll fix this
They pack a punch and they keep things
They're just large image files, and
This might be kind of a long email. So,
Want to see if we can help you out? Book
We can see one simple headline, is your
We have some quick copy here. Nothing
Well, they click this whole image and I
What I'm going to do is I'm going to use
What do I mean by that? Say I wanted to
You can get 30% off by going to
You can say picture of dog food. Then
You just go to design and then you're
YouTube right here because I'm making
YouTube. And then this right here, this
a CTA, and then the footer. Super
a bit blocky and somebody is going to be
a bridge of information. And then they
a button there, then they just leave.
a call below. But either way, we can't
a check and then an X and put it into
a consistent background throughout. I'm
a few things about email design and what
a gradient to help these flow together.
a little bit easier. We can do some
a little bit thicker and then make it
a nice challenge. But, I always like to
about it. Trust me, I know. I've made
about right here. The other thing
about that when you're starting. So
accent colors throughout. I added this
action or just opening the email and
action. Upgrade to real soap. Captain
actions, your social proof. And while I
actually perform, which can end up
actually works in getting people to buy.
added one. Perfect. Shout out Omnisend.
added padding around the image. So I
adding some of the branding in here.
adjusting fonts really brings things to
advanced stuff that you can do inside of
advanced, but essentially you can change
after that, once you put everything in,
all of our emails. We're going to drive
all set. you have this new file right
all the way like this to make this flow
all we're going to do is I'm going to
an area where a lot of brands struggle
an example right here from Bite. Here's
an infographic calling out us versus our
and I said, "Please transcribe this
and a big old button up at the top. We
and every single word packs a punch. And
and feed and seeing your final call to
and give the solution and stack as many
and have really good fresh ingredients.
and it houses all of your customer data.
and it shows like all of our benefits
and sections. And we have our text boxes
and send this email. So, you can preview
and so I would have it as the take quiz
and so use this sparingly. Then a big
and the benefit of put your care on
and then I'm going to have an us versus
and then create the dimensions of our
and then this infographic right here and
and then what I did was I said, "Please
anformational infographic in the bridge
any of their points, but bold our points
aren't going to scroll your email. And
around with it a little bit and I think
as images, add in your links, and you're
as somebody's going through it. This is
as well that I have seen them do and
as well. And then I'm going to group
asked me about like, "What angle do I
asks you to take action. That's what we
assets for this brand. And so, this
at some of the copy that they're doing.
at the top of the email. We do not want
autopilot. They check things off right
back to you. All right. So, I made a
back. And then I'm going to adjust the
background because what we do here is we
background gradients where they take the
background image. Keeping things smooth
basically how the email looks and feels
be a huge file size and it might take a
be our elevator pitch. Super quick. And
be using the platform Omnisend. It's a
because something that we can learn from
because they care a lot more about how
because this email I'm creating kind of
before we dive into building anything,
benefits and the features, healthier
benefits as possible. My favorite thing
beyond. And if your emails are hard to
bigger. The bigger the email, the more
bit bold. Maybe I'll do semibold right
black stuff. We make soap this way. Doop
blending with. And look at that. And
body copy, call to action, graphic, sub
body copy. All right. So here we have
body. Copy right here. up. Maybe since
boom, right here. All set and good to
boop boop. Choose the real soap. This is
bottom that it's having a hard time
box right here, and I'm going to create
box. These are different text boxes. You
brand. So, I hope you got value from
branding. And you'll see even just
branding. It's going to help with your
branding. While we care a lot more about
brands and generated $150 million in the
brands. But this looks a little weird. I
bridge, we have some more structure
bring this to life is maybe show a
building it are a completely different
built a plan just for them, but your 20%
bunch of copy and design layouts and
but knowing what works and actually
but maybe I'll delete this for now and
button in the shadows right here making
button right up at the top of the email.
button. And look at how close these
button. We have the weight of this text
buttons are. This is what I'm talking
buttons in the footer so that people can
buttons, match colors and accent colors
buttons. Pretty banging email. Nice and
call out the pain and then they go into
call to action. And then a footer with
callouts, but it's a little bit blocky
can click this video and learn exactly
can enter our subject line, our sender
can just make it super quick, like
can see right here from Grunes, look at
can tell just because you scroll off of
can upload into Omnisend. So, we go back
can you upload just images into your
causing them tens of thousands to
centered it right there. So we have a
chance that somebody's going to click
change the full background if I wanted
chat GBT do this. I'd probably just go
check mark right here. I think it looks
checklists. And everything is short,
chemicals, plastic tubes, or toxic
choices, how the email flows, and the
claim. Give them food with integrity.
clean. On their website, they use this
click a random one. We can just use this
click on your email, they're clicking on
clicking this corner radius. And then
clicks. And they have a cool product
color. I'm going to use this tool right
colors and gradients or some of the
colors right here. I'm going to take
colors throughout this yellow. Then
combination of both. Here's an example
compared to like this one right here.
competitors and bolding those main
competitors on the right. And we're
compress button. And look at that. It
consists of. We'll also show you some
conversions, that doesn't mean your
cool like dog right here. I literally
copy and paste this. We could do that,
copy of we'll never include harsh
copy other brands that are doing a great
copy right here. Then I said, "Can you
copy right here. You can see right here
copyrightiting of your email is exactly
could click. So, we want to make sure
could do a border like this. But I kind
could go into save and choose our
could have it in one text box if you
could put another call to action right
couple of little edits and I will get
couple of updates right here. Just fix
course, where we can do all of our
covered. And so, I'm using the app
create a button. Now, we want our button
create a frame. We just drag right here
created a reusable template. And I was
created this email. So we don't need a
custom plan expires tonight. You told us
customer needs to make a decision above
customer. So, we want to compress these
cuz it's there. So boom. Now we can
delivery service, but they just opened
design high-converting emails for your
design to help them thrive." So, I'm
details. Things like the border on this
didn't look too well. So, I'm going to
different callouts. We're using
different colors. It starts off with
different effects you can do. But
different sections and the small details
differentiate themselves with the body
discount code with the button and then
do that. And just like adjusting the
do. Cuz now what I can do is I can make
doc. Center this right here. And watch
don't even need to pay attention to this
don't have to use this, but at the top,
don't love how it flows. So I think I
don't mind it specifically in this
don't need too much more information.
double check everything. And then we
down at the bottom with repeated buttons
drop a ton of images. So, we can drag
duplicate a ton of these. And then boom.
elevating them. So, if I could summarize
email copy." It transcribed the email
email design and what this actually
email design platform, and show you how
email should look boring or ugly.
email to where it feels natural and it
email, it's going to be like around like
email, it's right there. This is the
email, so I'm going to make this a
email. And then it asked like what sort
email. I always like to do dimensions of
email. Now, we're probably going to do
email. So we have a button up at the top
email. So, this is exactly what we want
email? I'll show you exactly how to send
emails are literally just going to be
emails or my clients have made that
emails without having to test a whole
emails? The answer is yes. I've worked
end of every single section cuz what if
engage with people and show them how
entire strategy that we used to generate
every single person who opens your email
everything right in here. You have this
everything right inside of this email.
everything together. If you have really
everything with a button up at the top,
exact formula you gave." And then it
example right here. The main thing that
expires tonight. It helps a little bit
export it as an image. Now, you might be
export this whole footer and just export
farmed meat, antibiotics, and nutrient
figure out what background I'm going to
fillers. And we'll talk about the
filling as white. And so I have like
final either benefit or product section
find our call to action right here,
first call to action, give a little bit
first link below. My team has worked
floating. So I added this background
flow a little bit. So, let's get into
flow. Then have like some sort of image
flows perfectly. So, that looks pretty
food is still waiting to ship. Don't
footer. So, I did the call to action on
for Pets, where essentially it's meals
for later. But what we are going to do
for the copy right here. We have our sub
for your dog that are like supernatural
frame right here. We can see it's
free to download. So, I'm going to find
from Grooms. And so, let's recreate this
from. Now, that brings us to the next
fun stuff down here. But I want you to
further use cases and the benefits of
gave it a random brand right here. Um,
get the rest of my slices. The only
get to creating our email. So, I'm going
gift opportunity." And then we can go
give more information on how do we help
give them the option to click. If
glossy finish, artificial fragrance.
go into how the worst solution for you
go to the link that I need to get and
go to the website for other options. And
go. Now, we can adjust the centering
going to be going off of something
going to be walking you through exactly
going to create an email. And then we
going to do here. We have this inside.
going to do one YouTube. And then I'm
going to find an image and then we'll
going to go over here to campaigns. And
going to have that color right there.
going to have us on the left and the
going to help with your overall
going to just literally label this stuff
going to put it inside of the frame. And
going to show this text instead. So you
going to take a rectangle and just use
going to to help me visualize this and
going to use the same sort of like
going to use these icons. So, I'm going
going to use. So, we're probably going
good designs, then people aren't going
good to go. I'm going to hold command
good to go. Now you know exactly how to
good to go. So when we go into Omnisend,
gradient, which this is a little bit
graphic of some sort right in the middle
graphic. Now we need to get to this next
great. Now, I'm going to find a graphic
guarantee for a fact that their
harder than ever to get in 2026 and
has a lot of copy. So, it's going to be
have Chat GPT literally recreate these.
have our button. We have this hero
have our whole email uploaded inside of
have something like this and then
have the competitor copy. Now, I
have the email flowing throughout with
have the frame and everything is
have to test all this stuff and find out
have to use a table within our Omnisand
have. So just going to copy and paste
haven't really seen an impact. So, it's
headline of not all human grade dog food
headline right here, and then body copy,
headline summarizes everything that they
headline, quick body copy, and a button.
headline, some copy, and a button way up
help me visualize this email. So, I'm
help people guide their way through the
helps bring a little bit of life to it
here to cut this. And we have quite the
here which is going to look at the
here, and that's going to determine like
here, which will center wherever you're
here. But if we want to send an email,
here. I just have text boxes literally
here. So I added this red bar with the
here. So, I'm just going to name this
here. That looks a little bit better.
here. These are just images. And all
here. They just always hit on the
here. This is their logo. All that we do
here. We're going to have a headline,
here. Why is that? Well, a lot of people
here. and then do the same. And then
higher rate. They're going to stay
highlight this and then highlight this
honestly, you really don't need to worry
honestly. Just need to center this and
how to implement everything that we just
however we want. Right here. Cool. Looks
hundreds of thousands of dollars in
icons. They're highlighting the specific
idea. Me move this down. And then maybe
if you kind of know what I mean. Now, I
image files. And so, I like going to
image of your whole entire email? Well,
image. These are all image slices. You
imagery, big buttons throughout and that
images in your in their emails, which
images that we upload from this
images. Upload these in here. Click this
img.com/compressimage.
implementation, reporting, all of it.
in a second. But let's show you how to
in and adjust some things and edit it.
in some colors. I really don't have any
in the top section. So they said find
in this email this button is. It's
in your email, but the reality of the
industrial chemical engineering. The
infographics, and get creative with the
infographics. Notice how it's not blocks
information and we justify what we say
information that I gave it with that
information, and then tie in the product
information. And so it gives like some
ingredients larger and then if somebody
ingredients, but the human brain can
inside of Figma, we have the
inside of a frame. So, I'm going to
inside of here. You can see I dropped a
inspiration from this email where it has
instance. They use this sort of
into Omnisend. Now, I'm just going to go
into actually creating this email, which
into images and upload my images. So,
into like a more set color, then we can
into this us versus them section, which
is a banger email design. Notice how
is calling out the customer. What's in
is created equal. So we summarize one of
is going to read everything that you put
is not as scary as it looks. Just upload
is the biggest block of copy in this
is the logo. So I'm going to make this
is the structure. Very underrated and
is we are just going to drag this in
is we're going to drag this and it's
is what we ended up doing for the
is. And so the pain in this scenario is
it and then upload this into my
it flow into the color that is at the
it look 3D. We have the border around
it's going to compress the file sizes.
it's going to help the email really
it's not changing that color, but I can
it's not like exploding in your face
it. And boom. Perfect. Let me insert our
its own slice. So I'll do 7 YouTube. And
job like Bite. You can go into any of
just for this. And I'm just going to map
just go back to what we had before.
just going to add like them or something
just going to copy and paste and then
just going to copy and paste what I
just going to move this different text
just got it off the internet and then
just like this. You'll also notice
just made them 72% smaller from 4.4
just one sentence. So, we can see they
just paste your link wherever you want
just put it in here. I don't know. I
just put this emoji X and then R like
just put those links in. And also
just sign up here and then you're all
just stop there with copy and structure.
just the creating and designing of the
just thought it was funny. We added some
just want to remove all of that and then
justifying your purchase, and then a
killing heat. We don't cut corners. We
kind of like this size at most. And so,
kind of optional, but you just go in and
kind of see like the difference in
lab, not made by human hands. Call to
label this, I could label it as button
lacks an unsubscribe link." So, they
last
last chance for 20% off. And then our
layout. All right, so I have the email
leaving right away because attention is
life. So, I'm going to put our font,
like a check mark right here, and it's
like a couple of red pieces of red into
like a little bit too crazy. Maybe like
like an us and then have like a them or
like blue, then it goes into purple, and
like gray color that I was using before.
like it. Let's move on with the rest of
like right here. It says, "Your email
like the colors. We have stroke,
like this gap over here on the sides.
like this where it's cut off. Maybe we
like tropical breeze, was built in a
like where a gradient takes place like
like, "Perfect. Here's my brand." I just
lined text like sort of like call out
link. But what if somebody wanted to go
links. So what I would do here is this
list out all of our points right here.
literally create slices of your email.
literally two quick sentences before it
little bit advanced. But we have
little bit smaller. Body copy. And then
little bit, I used this white color
little bit, but I think that looks fine.
little bit. I'm going to have to mess
live examples hopping in Figma, our
live finishing with some lifestyle
logo. Just name it right here. And then
look at this frame. We can click on this
look bad. I like how it stands out a
look better. And then to bring it some
look up any sort of icon that you want,
looking, it's probably fake. It came up
looks like. Notice how we're using
looks okay over here. So, what I'm going
looks super clean. And so, of course, at
love this button. Look at how massive
make a purchase. So now you're probably
make it this size. I'm going to export
make this flow better is I added another
makes a customer not realize that
makes clicking the buy button feel like
making it pop a little bit with the
marketing. So, if you want to see the
may not convert today, but it keeps
maybe move this because this side it
maybe we can do 20 20 or something. So,
maybe you're setting up a flow or we're
me insert the rest of this copy. and
megabytes to 1.26. We download this. And
might for a little bit of depth put
million a year brand and they use only
million in email marketing [music]
minutes to put this together and have
miss this chance to give them nutrition
more of your email. Now, an email like
more smooth. We kind of cover this up a
much more likely to fall off after they
much. And so, all that we need to do is
name, whatever we want to do. We can say
need to be worried about having text and
need to click around if you're not used
need to give the links. And so I would
need to know. The next thing structural
need to worry about crazy organization
neon white, has sharp edges, and smells
next one. And so, the goal here is to
next set of copy with a sub headline and
nobody's reading. No, they're using
not cuz people don't read emails. They
not going to take you through the copy,
not talked about enough. So, your
obviously we want to make the gummies
of Figma. We can create different
of add our footer. All righty. So, this
of copy. It's not some big paragraph
of different like fun stuff, more
of how this is executed very well. We
of information with benefits right here,
of information, and then we tie in our
of like positioning? And then I said a
of our data and our store data right
of skim this, find our benefits, and
of the email. We have our graphic. We
of this email is we have the logo,
of want to make the email like have a
off offer is set to expire while their
omnisend.com/max.
on 2x and then download slice. I'm just
on inside of your frame. So I just
one of these beige colors, but we are
one. And then all we have to do is put
only have one link. And so we have to
only have one specific link per image.
optimized hero section summarizing
orange beige color right here. And so
order for us to be compliant. We can
order to carry like some of the like
organization of your email. This can be
organization on the left side. So we
organized inside here. So if I move
our competitors, which goes perfectly
our design. All right, here we are. We
our different features down here inside
our own email. Send a test email just to
our points here. Human grade sounds
our slices downloaded. Now, do we just
our takeaways from this design, use big
out the pain in the headline, which is
out the rest. Okay. So just for
outline right here. Maybe we can make it
overall email engagement and just tie
padding. Then also you can see there's
pain and then we go into just a couple
part of a high-converting email, which
part of making money with email
people engaged with your brand and gets
people to this quiz where they can find
people who click this image to go. You
perfect. Banger. It took me literally 2
phone lying to you? So, we call out the
picture of our products right here. That
picture of our products. So, there is a
platform for getting icons is called the
platform where you can send emails from
platform. All right, so we have all of
platform. But we're going to split right
platform. For this example, I'm going to
platform. I get a lot of questions on
platform. The problem is that I can this
please analyze the copy and create a
points right here. The pretty soap lie.
points. And then we finish with a final
positive associations, and you're going
preheader is going to be our preview
premium but it still allows factory
pretty good and I think our email is all
pretty good. I like the structure of
pretty similar to this email right here
preview this and then send it to
problem here is it's going to be a
process and we can walk you through all
product. It's that simple. Like I said,
purposefully like decided not to bold
put headline. Make this the updated
put this right here and then go like
quick bite of information and the
quick, and snappy. This is what people
quick, skimable, easy to read. Call out
quite. See, these are big file sizes.
raise the bar. Give your dog more than a
reach the end of the section compared to
read, then people will just skip to the
really helps bring this to life. So I
really only take three things at a time.
recipients, which is super easy, of
rectangles and this image over here. So
red color for their CTAs. So, I am going
repeat our call to action. So, I'm going
repeating the green. We have using this
rest of these images. All righty. So we
restructure it. All right. So, I messed
reusable template?" It then did this,
revenue. And in that time, I've learned
revenue. But I do not want that to be
review your campaign and send it out.
right here where we're using
right here, I am just going to put the
right here. And so you can change like
right here. Centered everything. And it
right here. Maybe we want to move this
right here. Now, I'm literally just
right here. So, it says, "Your dog's
right here. So, super straightforward.
right here. So, we always want to build
right now, but I'm just pointing it out
right up at the top here. So, something
right up here. Then, we're going to have
right. So, I found this image, which I
righty. So, this is what we have. We
roughly the same color right here. But
rounded corners. So, if I click on
sake of time, I'm just going to
scrolling all the way through the email
section and then some of our body copy
section as well. I just didn't like how
section down here like with these
section of sub headline body copy and
section structure- wise, we want this to
section with just a little bit more
see a difference. That looks good and it
select all of these in. And we can see
send to all subscribers. Then you can
sending this as a campaign. Let's say
sending your emails within your platform
sensitivities, activity level, and we
sentences giving some education, the
service provider as you wish. Now,
serviceable email. And so let's
set up different slices with different
shadings right here, but it generally
shape here. Put a rectangle just over
shapes. We have this features of frames
shop other options. And then there's or
should do for now. Now, we can just kind
side, I'm just holding the command key.
sides right here. And we're going to
simple, just like that. If you ever get
simple. It's easy for a customer to kind
simplicity, I kind of mapped it out
size. Maybe make it 30. I'm going to add
sizes, your color choices, your image
skim them. Which is why your copy needs
slightly different shades. If you can
smooth background throughout. So I'm
smooth this email flows. They use
so, for those non-scrollers, we want to
so, we want to have everything that a
some alt text. So essentially if
some inspiration from them. And then I'm
some of these. And then maybe just for
some sizing. I added this last chance
somebody scrolled right here and then
somebody that we want. We can send it to
somebody's image doesn't load, it's
something also that we can do to help
something like this that just flows. So,
something like this. So that doesn't
something like your dog's custom plan
something over here. Then I'm going to
something pretty simple because this is
something that I recommend is adding
something. So, all you do is you take a
sort of layout stuff, but honestly, you
sort of like shape. I think it looks
sort of theme throughout the email. Use
specific points to sell on. Now, I can
specific segment that you want or just
stand out. This looks pretty good,
start inputting our copy. I'm literally
start off with the layout. and let's
straightforward. I also just like in
stroke, which is going to add the
structural piece where we add more
structure and shape right here, but it's
structure is basically like the
structure next, but look at how high up
structure that we want. So the top
structure- wise that I want to make sure
structure. Now, if you want to design
stuck with designing, just start off
stuff if you don't want to. Then we have
stuff. It's just taking the basics and
subscribed. You're going to gain
subscribers. We can exclude a segment,
summarize everything that we got here.
super super important. It also calls out
tablets compare to gummies which
take a look at some of these minor
teeth, cleaner planet, and just super
template right here. And then we can
template. So really, we just need to
text box right here. We have all sorts
text goes over top of this so we can see
text. And so we can say, "Open for your
that I call out here is look at how
that I'm going to do here, we have this
that looks pretty good. We can add a
that there's some padding around this.
that we always want to do is show like
that we have to do now is all we just
that whole entire image. And so you can
that you're doing. So, at this point,
the ancient craft. And here's what it
the back. And now we have this graphic.
the ball rolling will help your juices
the checks for us and then the X's for
the coloring that I use throughout this
the copy that I have off of my Google
the customer. And then they
the design concepts that we would do for
the difference between somebody
the easiest copywriting hack you can
the email. And so we've used this
the email. And then we go into the final
the end of our infographic, we need to
the fold. Right? When somebody opens the
the full screen. Now let me upload the
the obvious next step. Let's walk
the other people. So, my favorite
the problem with that is that's going to
the problem, back it up with some punchy
the product down here again with a
the same color. We carry out this red
the strategies that we used.
the text above the rectangle. And then
the text right here. And then we can
the whole email right here. You can see
the winning layout and structure that I
their dog's custom plan. I added this
their emails look than how they [music]
their website, which goes to the quiz.
their website. So, I don't want to get
them coming back for more down the line.
them do this. It is 2026. You do not
them infographic here. We're going to do
then I deleted like this up here, it's
then I just go back into OmniSend and
then it goes into like this final
then just fill in whatever the image is.
then matching with the button and then
then put in the competitor copy. Now, we
then start to get the ball rolling. I am
then us versus them. And so something
then we create a campaign and we are
then we go into our bridge section,
then we have all of our images that we
then we'll get to formatting. All
then we're going to have to split on the
then what real soap looks like at the
there's kind of like a button right
there's no button, then there's zero
there's yellow right there. I like how
these emails right here and take a look
these icons. So, please don't worry
these match right here and then
these together. So, they're grouped
these within some sort of box. And so we
these, I can add rounded corners by
they have the same sort of structure of
they were done. Well, if we didn't have
they're going to slow pretty low for the
they're scrolling and then they're going
thing to be aware of is that when people
thing. So, we're going to hop over in
this and it comes off as like images or
this as the background. Move this to the
this color and then boom. There we go.
this cool tool in Figma called the slice
this down just so I can have a visual
this email if you want. You can send it
this email in your email sending
this email right here is using accent
this for YouTube. And then now we can
this from Dr. Squatch. We can see that
this gradient feature. And again, you
this image being this yellow color
this is a really solid email. We really
this is what it looks like. We have all
this is. And then here's the rest of
this last chance right here. And it
this like flows. And so I wanted to add
this long right here. So, we'll adjust
this looked on its own just kind of like
this looks really clean. We have this
this top button to be all the way down
this video. But that's only one small
this website, I love
this whole background this color cuz
this, this is grouped inside. You don't
this. And so if we set something like
this. And then we can see it's a lot
this. I said them most human grade
this. It might actually be longer
this. We can see some infographics and
through this example. So, here's an
throughout the email, utilize
throughout the email. That's the winning
throughout. So I want to make sure the
to be scannable all while pushing people
to be something like a square or
to bold this. Actually, that's a little
to choose that. Change this to white.
to coincide with your design. It needs
to copy and paste this. And we honestly
to copy our logo over here and then put
to create an email for Butcherbox for
to do is I'm going to create a another
to do to create our email. We can see
to do with copywriting is to literally
to have to do with like your button
to have to push this down quite a bit.
to implement this even into your email
to make it super clear. And then I'm
to make sales. So again, design is going
to scroll without realizing it and see
to take action. Now, let me show you
to the about us part of the website?
to this point right when they open the
to this. We can see padding and so it's
to unsubscribe from your emails at a
to. So, if I change it to this color,
together right here. And if I wanted to
told you before. Headline, a little bit
too crazy. This is a good amount of copy
too perfect to be real? If your bar is
tool. And all that you do is you
toothpaste has more than three
trust the look of soap. Perfect color,
truth they don't tell you. Boom. And
up a little bit. But watch what I'm
up a new branch, which is Butcher Box
up here, which wouldn't be a terrible
upload our email. So I'm going to delete
upload these images into Omnisend? Not
use that to guide our decision. All
using the design choice of a graph to
want to do?" I gave it the angle of if
want to use. So, that is what we are
want, but for some reason, I didn't.
want. Now, let's get to the rest of the
wants to read then there's a little
we added some social icons. Pretty
we are going to be uploading images. Our
we are going to use the color, which is
we can just adjust the size to make it
we can see in the copy choosing three
we can use. But hey, we've already
we have the call to action right here.
we just add elements right in here. And
we literally are just going to drag and
we need to break down the three parts of
we want to make sure we have an
we're going to do. So I'm going to take
we're going to upload this into our
we're repeating our buttons throughout
we're sending this as a campaign. I'm
what I mean with an example. So, here's
what I would recommend for everybody.
what it consists of. Pretty cool email.
what it takes to create high-converting
what makes an email convert. And that's
what works, you can book a call with the
what you can do is I can set this whole
what you say in your email. It's the
what your dog needs, their age,
whatever you want. You can create a
which is Monsterat. And then I'm going
which is right here. I'm going to
which is the actual design. This is
which is the structure, which is the
while to load in the customer's inbox.
white background and I'm going to take
whole email. It's literally one sentence
whole slice right here is just one link
will actually be able to read and buy
wise is you'll notice a button at the
wish I could sit here and tell you that
with a whole bunch of jargon that
with crazy colors and all this fancy
with deliverability, but honestly, I
with mapping things out. Just getting
with over 200 7 to9 figure e-commerce
with over 27 to9 figure brands. All of
with that just based off of the
with this a little bit. Maybe to make it
with whatever the benefit or the pain
within this frame and so you kind of
wondering, okay, how do I send this
wondering, why not just upload a full
words, your headlines, your call to
would be its own slice. So I do six
write this email for me following the
wrote following that. So, is your soap
you are good to go. And you can upload
you can see it'll help you center it
you can see right here, which is an
you find your flow. And then within the
you know what makes an email convert,
you. Strategy, copy, design,
you. Which is why in this video, I'm
your brand. We handle everything for
your copywriting, your structure, and
your dog's custom plan expires tonight.
your email if they're not scrolling. And
your flow. And then this is where we
your graphic design. Now, the
your soap is white and perfect look
your toothpaste matters? And so it calls
