 
"Ah, look at the look at the community.
$100 million in the past 18 months. We
Add footer buttons. And then boom,
Added a bit of copy. It's for those who
Added some extra copy with this bridge
Aloe Aloe. It's pretty much like a
And actually, a lot of people think that
And look at all the top brands and a lot
And of course, shop by category in case
And so these are like a few examples of
And so, we want to make our call to
And then a little bit of copy right
And then also we have the afterpay. Shop
And then bonus savings in store um as
And then of course, we have just like
And then we go through the treatment
Beast uh feastables right here carrying
But I love this product section right
Custom font right here. Bring it some
Different copy right here. And then we
End with a general shop now button.
Engagement. Now, we have a super
Gives it a bit of life. Um, and then,
Here's your discount. Go shop on the
I like this lip care the road
I'm talking about. That is high
Immersive little section of do gym right
Individual products need to have shop
Instagram. Um so I pulled it from that.
It's just their design. The button is
Kendrick song they not like us was big.
Klein email using a cool little photo
Liquid Death. I wish Liquid Death had
Look at the buyers they have." Then also
Lululemon fitness clothing. So this was
New Balance right here. I think that
Not as high converting because there
Now the biggest difference here is
Or it's a collection. I meant it's a
Perfect. Here's a Stanley email.
Rare Beauty. So this is one. This is
Selena Gomez's brand. And again this is
Shark, again, another brand that I
So played on that. They not like us.
So that's what we're doing here. Then we
So, I'm going to show you exactly what
So, that's what we want to do right
So, this is how we execute blog emails.
So, this was an upgrade letter leather
So, you can see it's just a super super
So, you can see these have a little bit
That is what high converting email
That is what you get when you buy our
That's a fancy way of saying put big
That's another principle of high
That's going to be a theme because that
That's not on the design side. This is
That's really funny. Um click the button
Their fitness tracker we're performance
Then also featuring past launches that
Then, we want to avoid all of these
There's a block right here for the cyber
They we need to make it as clear as
They're doing this. Trust me, I've
This is going to be the most tactical
This is me handing the click in the sale
Um just button up at the top. Here's the
Um, I just think that this is a last
Um, and then we just made it more fun
Um, just to give some life to them. Uh,
Valent super clear email on Valentine's.
Valentine's Day sale. Super clear.
Valentine. You know, you've been nice
We always want to finish our product
We have the super fun email for Mr.
We like to have a button up at the top
We make it a little bit more immersive
We need to have it higher up in the
We need to make it a little bit bigger.
We want to give people options to browse
You have 10% off your first order of $30
a bit more, but you can see like the
a general like keep browsing or
a gifting email for her and then for him
a little bit more engaging emails in
a little bit smoother. We have the
a lot of the fun from the website and
a month, then you can book a call with
a site abandoned email. So this was if
a ton of different stuff because for
a white uh the floor is white and so you
abandonment email. Address the
abandonment in the call to action right
about. And then we pretty much just
absolutely love, but their emails are
action show how much value this is. So,
actually convert. And it's not just
actually matters for getting people to
adjusted some of the copy. You can see
aesthetic. Nowhere on their website do
all button. Then they also have a follow
all this BS. Look at how small this
all year, so treat yourself to a naughty
always have a footer with buttons right
always in season. Banger. Shop black
always so shocked with these big brands
amazing. More stuff you don't need.
an absolute banger. I have it
and after for Birkenstock. Now let's
and afters, we have Gym Shark, who Gym
and clear. Make sure that they can see
and do a little bit better. These are a
and give them a clear step process right
and it's killer. Uh, look, scared our
and like what this email is about
and then a little sneak peek of what the
and then category buttons in the footer.
and then for her for him. This is what I
and then separate by men and women and
and then the buttons in the footer.
and then the lip shape to make it flow
and then two different buttons, which I
and there. There's a lot of text right
another instance of you'd be surprised
any of these tops? They're just going to
any products and then you leave. Okay?
aren't individual shop now buttons for
as they're coming in. The hero image is
at the bottom. Boom. Perfect.
at the top of the email. Use big
back anatomy 101, highlighting, giving
background and we said serve in your new
background change right here in this
background photo shoot and she's on like
based emails. You quite literally can.
because believe it or not, a lot of
because it's a custom shades offer. We
because they offer a free trial. You can
before and after and what it looks like
before. Uh Eternal Blackness never felt
being like we're not like other
better emails because they're such a fun
better. I don't like how abrupt it is
big button right here. I like how they
bit more fun into these emails because
blog is like and then give a little bit
blood. And then we uh added that line
bottom. It's going to overwhelm. Let's
bought a top from Lululemon. Shop by
brand and I love them. So, this is the
brand. 100% sustainable cotton right
brand. And so we want to make sure that
brand. It Birkenstock is just stuck in
brand. Let's add that to design. Let's
builds community because they're like,
bunch of stuff. And then the discount
button in this whole email. You have
button is a little bit too small
button is down here and it just says
button right up at the top of the email.
button with the discount way up at the
button's super small. Want to make our
button's too small. So, what do we do?
buttons a lot bigger. Um, you can see
buttons in the footer in case somebody
buttons in the footer. And then lastly,
buttons in the footer. Super simple. You
buttons throughout your email and put
buttons, which we need to have. And this
buttons.
buttons. We definitely want to do that.
by just changing the background of the
can mix and match your favorites. And so
can see a common theme here with all
can. We do over $10 million every single
category buttons at the bottom. Same
category buttons. Make this a little bit
category woman. Eh, maybe I could go for
category, accessories, and memberships.
challenge. No, they're skimming the
chance is right here, which is literally
chance uh email. Um, this is a last
chance. And so we'd have a discount
chance. And so what we wanted to do is
chance. And then of course, footer
chocolate with ethical sourcing. This is
clean um and a lot more immersive for
clean. Gifting made easy. um you're
cleaner. And finish with a general shop
click and there's a clear value
click and they're not going to engage.
click and you don't hand them the
click that item. You'd be surprised that
code is right here. Crazy. I don't
collection. So you're this is this is
colors. It's gonna mess up your email.
comfort. Let people uh get behind the
coming with the gifting with our limited
convert as much right off the bat, but
convert down the line. And so what did
convert. Um, if you want a team to
converting design. Um, and so we have a
converting email design. So in summary,
converting email design. That is what
converting. this is what we want. And
cool little element right here. And then
cooler uh product section right here.
copy. So doing something instead of
corporate corporate vibe. So, again,
course, finish with shop by category
create these emails for you, we have
created rare beauty because I wanted a
customer right at the beginning of the
customer. We don't want to do that. This
customize. The lens, the frame, uh the
cyber week. What's going on for cyber
dark mode in the email. Um, which
dark mode. With Clavio or intext HTML
design is. Um, and so what you can see
design. Um this is like an example of
designed. Made this during the winter
dictionary. I think that that's great.
did on the design side, making it a
different colors here, which we like to
different colors. And then we go into
different imagery right here. Make it
different layout. It just it just flows
different recommendations here. Then
different uh call to actions down at the
different users in their uh, inbox, they
discount code and they're here to leave.
discount code is. If I'm receiving this
discount code throughout the whole
discount. You still have time. Anytime
do for our uh for our um brands that
do that. You can have logo on the left
do you not catch this? I'm I'm I'm
doesn't have an impact on click rates.
doing a photo gallery before a final
doing in their emails. Um, it just kind
doing like one layout, two layout. This
doing with high converting email design.
don't just need to shop this item right
don't know who started spreading this
don't like to do that because in light
don't like what they see. Keep it super
don't pay until after like the first
don't want that. Um, and then it's just
done over $100 million in the past 18
dopamine in your head. Then of course,
double the revenue for brands just by
dress to kill. We added this little like
dude and his jock right when you open up
e-commerce brand doing at least $50,000
each of these individual products. We
earth friendly production, supreme
ease of shopping. Shop men and women
easy for you to see. uh kind of like the
edition gift bags just featuring that
education as far as what this specific
elements in your email designs may not
email and what good is. This is exactly
email because that's not what the email
email for products that they're
email for the welcome email and make
email list. Now, there are a couple
email sending provider sections. We
email that we're showing that that we
email to the background color of like
email, I'm you people aren't reading
email. And if you don't hand them a
email. Like I said earlier, when you
email. Um, and let's let's add a little
email. and then shop by collection for
ends. And then I like it. make your
engraving in the case, and then a
especially if it's coming up. So, I like
eternal blackness never felt so so soft.
exactly what that means. And I love how
example of doing shop by men's and
examples that I personally have done
examples. We're using big brands here so
fatigue in humans. You're much more
favorites. Um, and so if we go right
feature some trending tops. We make it a
feature the product right here and then
featuring men and women using the
featuring some other products. Shop now.
finish with shop all tops. Then of
finish with the peptide lip treatment
floating in the sky right here. And we
flow a little bit. have it uh give it a
footer down at the bottom after somebody
footer navigation. So boom, that is what
for free and try it out and then you
forth. We prefer to stack. Then we end
four, five. There's six buttons right
free trial because that is our offer.
free trial. Boom. Then we actually show
free with purchase. Boom. Perfect. High
from the younger audience. So, we want
full image based emails. But you'll see
further if they didn't find what they
gallery at the top. And then there's an
general button right here for the sale
general learn more button right here.
general shop now, and then 20% off last
get your buttons in your offers way up
gift. We flip through the products of
girl. And then if you're going to do
go into Whoop right here. Tech brand. If
go into a little bit of product
go into kind of like their lip care
go to right here. Birkenstock, Boomer
going to be like, "Oh, you should do
going to convert a lot better. Um, and
going to go over through all these
going, I bet that their customer scroll
graphic design. That's stuff that people
gym lover for by gym lovers for gym
gym, do it right. Mix and match our
had different hero sections result in
happens when you use Claio or whatever
has an impact on clicks. You want to
has viewed these products and then they
have an option to buy other stuff here
have individual shop now buttons, but
have more products. So what we did here,
have these little elements all
have this Calvin Klein email. So, this
headline and then body copy down here
headline, body copy button up at the top
heads to where they will keep uh keep
here playing throughout in behind this
here throughout this email is look at
here, um, this is actually a GIF, which
here. And then we just give a little bit
here. Big button right up at the top.
here. I want to show a variation of us
here. It's a little bit small. The first
here. More stuff you don't need. And
here. Perfect. That is Aloe. Now, let's
here. Shop black pieces. Um, and then we
here. This is what you need to do. It's
here. Um, if I could, if I would improve
here. We have the welcome and then the
here. You'll notice that we have clear
hero section to make sure it's calling
highlighting an offer, people buy from
how much you see these big brands mess
how this email flows because it's a gray
how this flows. See, we used a
how you can customize your products and
imagery we went with a actual just like
immersive and then you have the logo and
immersive when you can. Have some fun
immersive. It makes it easier to scroll.
important for welcome emails. Now, let's
important right off the bat that we want
important with your product imagery what
in case somebody uh might want to shop
individual products don't have shop now
individual products, they need to have
infographic. I found that it's harder to
information and the discounts on a
into account. Always have the button and
into this brand. And so it's really
is about. There's no clear buttons for
is actually what Calvin Klein's email
is ending, you want to call out the day,
is going to be high converting. Give
is like because that's what people care
is what high converting design is.
is what we want here. There's an
is what you need to keep your customers
it's a funny testimonial. It's softer
it's actually a GIF that plays different
it's kind of like a retro background for
just a big shirtless dude, which I mean,
just a super simple email highlighting
just distracting. There's so much going
just lame. They're just stuck in the
just like text and then some images here
just looks There are a couple things
just the big difference here. The bigger
just way too much going on. Right? When
keep it simple. Products and then tag us
kind of lame. It's just like kind of
kind of the goal here. But this is what
launching and then they don't remind
learn more. How lame is that? So, we
leave. But what if you finish with like
let's go to this next one. So this is
life. And then the different products uh
like a branded email in a world where
like a little bit too abrupt here. These
like and that gives dopamine in their
like half second. That's just crazy. We
like month or so. Some of the featured
like opening the emails and seeing the
like other brand emails that we've done.
like tomorrow. Like if we're
like, uh, where's my discount code? Uh,
liked in this original email. And so we
likely to bounce. That's why we always
list, check it twice, order it now. I
literally get a Whoop sent to your house
little bit cooler than just like plain
little bit different way. And then
little bit fun that this is when it's
little bit of life right here uh was
little bit old. I think these uh I think
little gradient down here, but kind of
little like paper clip. There's a paper
little outlines and the black and white
looks like it flows and it's super
looks like it's not going to play, but
looks like when you sign up to their
lot of their sales right now are coming
love for clothing brands if you're doing
love the copy and the stuff that they're
love this. And also in their emails,
lovers. Shop now button. There's a low
made it fall vibes brown right here. And
make it high converting because it may
make it super clear that this is a last
make sure you do that. And then you want
make that a lot make them a lot bigger
make the rest of the email white so it
man. And then there's like a blog email.
many options. There are 1, two, three,
marketing to 50 year olds. Meanwhile, a
matches them and what products they
matters. And then we move the road the
might just might not be enough. And so
might not be interested in a top, but
month with pure image-based emails. I
month. I believe it's the first month.
months through our agency. If you're an
more life. Um, and these are probably
more people on your list because they
more. It releases a little bit of
moved this button way up at the top. We
navigation buttons up at the top of the
need to have individual shop now buttons
neighbors into scraping the fish off
new look. Boom. Shop Valentine's Day.
next one.
not as flat like right here by having
not convert. Having a bunch of like fun
not having the uh not having clear shop
now and again. Then again, footer
now button. Maybe the person doesn't
now buttons, but you can actually
now buttons.
now pay later in case price is something
now we have six final examples of just
of an email, super flat and just not
of brand information. Remind the
of course in the footer, we shop by
of information button way at the top of
of information. So, back anatomy 101,
of life and help it flow um, and feel
of needs to be updated a little bit. Um,
of the email. You don't always need to
of the offer because the offer last
of the top brands crushing from email.
off. Here's your discount code. Go shop
on Instagram. We have a photo gallery
on a silver platter. The person signed
on. All these call to actions, decision
one up at the top in the hero section so
open your email and you look on your
opening up their email, they are seeing
opening your emails and eventually
opens the email, they have something to
option to shop other items right here.
out the actual uh customer because we've
out. made a little bit immersive so it's
over time you'll get less unsubscribes,
over, messed up when I brought this. At
overall. This is okay, though. Um, but
partner. Yada yada. Use your free uh get
perfect five out of seven. Add some life
person viewing this email doesn't like
phone right here. So, it's a little
phone, this is all you see. And it's
pieces right here. So just making it
plus. Here's your discount code. Go
possible. Hey, welcome to Calvin Klein.
potentially this is somebody who uh who
prefer
principles that we're applying. Okay,
product and so the person could see
product is and then own the darkness
product section with the check marks.
product section, which is what we did
product. So, we want to feature that.
products that are in stock finish with a
products. And so we have like the these
propaganda that you c you can't do image
proposition. Then we just cleaned this
put the navigation buttons at the footer
rate is so low because there are just so
read when your eyes are going back and
ready to browse. So, we put these in the
recommended for you here, so make sure
refuse to blend in, who embrace the dark
releasing sign up for SMS reminders.
right here and this just makes it super
right here throughout the whole email.
right here, clear offer right up at the
right here, trending tops. A couple
right here. Individual products with a
right here. Making it a little bit fun,
right here. Um and um just to show that.
right here. Um, see, tried to do a
right when you open the email. Rather
road dictionary section right down here.
road right here. Same sort of deal. I
rock and roll over to a fun one. We have
same sort of deal with our prior welcome
says hell yes. I think that's great.
scroll to the bottom, they don't like
scrolling and keep them engaged with
section to help it flow into this uh
section, added the little hearts to go
section. It makes the email very
section. So, we wanted to add that.
section. Um, and then add in the product
sections and it's just flows really
sections with further browsing if you
sections, it's going to alternate the
sell clothing. Always finish with a shop
sent over a billion marketing emails and
shop Valentine's Day. Shop by category
shop all styles button and then have the
shop all tops. What happens if the
shop by category of course in the footer
shop now button and then woman versus
shop now button, but that's okay. And
shop now buttons for all of these
shop now buttons just like this. This is
shop now. We changed the product grid to
shop. The person might not want to read
shopwoman and shop men up here at the
showed what they were showing in a
side, and know that wearing black is
sign up to the email list, you get all
signed up for. They're here to get their
silver platter, they're not going to
simple product grid. Not very immersive
simple right when they open the email.
simple to see. Right when the person
so much for watching the video. Make
so soft. I love the copy. Their copy is
so the customer knows that they can
so this is Rayban for example. This is a
some education to the customer list,
some education. Sun's out, shades out,
some for some aloe. Click on woman and
some of these we could we could clean up
some testimonials and then doing a um
something else. Um so there's the before
something like this? like shop all tops.
something that's fun. You don't have to
sort of thing here. Skims wave at the
sourcing, which is what differentiates
steps of using the peptide lip treatment
straightforward one for UGG. Um, there's
summer fever email. Again, you could see
super clear right in the person's face.
super clear. Shop black pieces. You
super fun and you can mix this up every
super immersive. We have this Calvin
sure it matches your brand vibe. Super
sure to click on this next one, which is
talking about in these videos and what
tear down here, which is super cool.
tested this. You're totally fine doing
testimonial sort of email with like a
than going through this and then I'm
than the inside of our king-sized coffin
that a lot in their um in their um
that at the bottom. Um, and then a
that it's easy for you to understand and
that just have these mistakes. Um but
that people are worried about. And then
that they that they had over the past
that was like the angle we went with
that we want to consider is the customer
that you'll notice? Well, first it looks
that's it. And then make your emails
the button, the higher the clicks.
the circling it right here uh that we
the customer sees it right at the top.
the customer. So that is Whoop. Now
the discount code up at the top of the
the email. Boom. Kiss the sun back.
the email. That's not what the person
the email. You can see how immersive
the footer a little bit. Add the shop by
the images that we're picking. So, we
the immersiveness right here. This is
the same sort of information but in a
the top because that distracts the
the top of the email. You can see this
the top. make it immersive over this
the very least, we need to underline the
the white background behind this product
their before email. What's something
their car bumper. I'm rating it a
their customers. And so I think that
their face. button way up at the top of
them as a brand. Taking down big
them the click on a silver platter.
then a testimonial. Um, love it. And
then boom, they can start shopping. That
then it's just like super bland. The
then just adding some life. Look at the
then peanut butter perfected little bit
then right here um finish with a general
then shop new drops uh just to feature
then the last one here for the before
then we feature the product. You can see
there. And then new drops just in and
these big brands don't know what they're
these colors. Just doesn't match the
these emails. Um, and then kind of for
these tops and they're like, uh, I just
they don't want to buy a black tea, they
they have all these colors. And so you
they have the navigation buttons at the
they might cuz like they they go to they
they never talk about like their ethical
they're only seeing like up until like
they're very, very small. We want to
they've so much life with their copy and
thing going on here with light versus
thing that's going to stand out is right
things that stand out. The first thing
things that stand out. There is no
think is great. Um pair with denim, so
this a little bit, I would probably try
this footer is like kind of like
this hierarchy right here. It's super
this is boring. This is a little bit
this is cool if you want to push people
this is cool instock launches. And so
this is right here. It's going to hit
this main hero image. And so we just do
this point. So, you're just seeing this
this section flow a little bit smoother.
this section go over having the phone go
this section, but I just think it's
this, the perfect gift for every
this. It looks like this got messed
this." I'm literally showing you exactly
thought that this was fun. And then a
throughout the email which give it a ton
time. So we used like this winter
timer right here counting down the timer
to SMS uh men's upcoming launches.
to appeal with that design style. This
to do. This also matches their website
to give people a general option like
to go with the kill, we had we added
to make this section flow a little bit
top of the email and button right up at
top of the email. When somebody's
top, but we never want those to be at
top, early gift for you. And then I love
top, which are going to overwhelm the
top. These deserve a second look. Grab
tops and then different bottoms, so you
tops. And so, um, this is the email that
tracker. Um, but essentially this is
transition, a little gradient down here,
transitioning from the white snow into
um, so this is a specific product. And
underline these products too and it
understand why we're doing this. The
up for their discount code. Enjoy 10%
up. I received this email in April.
updating the product imagery in this
urgency. Let's put the urgency right in
us in the description below. Thank you
use the same sort of layout of logo,
versus dark mode, it's going to give you
very fun. And so, what we did leather
video on how to make email designs that
want these three items. Put the give the
want to make sure that we're taking that
want to show every part that they can
wanted to reconstruct this whole thing
was working fast here. Uh, but that
way too low. It's too small of a button.
we changed this email to talk about the
we do here? We changed the headline
we have men and women who are coming
we kind of know what works. So, I'm
we made this just a little bit more
we want to give out a couple of
we're matching the brand here. The next
wearables. We made this when like the
weather, this was a fall email and so we
weather. Um, then right here, this
website. That's what we want you to do.
week event. What is going on here? How
week? And then you're worried about this
well with the demographic. Um, and so I
well. Just highlighting that call out
well. We have nice clear and big buttons
went over. Um we want to give the offer
what bad is and then me recreating the
what happens when somebody is looking at
what she's wearing. Um big button up at
what the product is like, what the app
what we do at my agency. We've done over
what we want to do. And then clean up
when the person could potentially be
when you open the email in the first
which is great. And then finish with
white background down here. Feature the
with a photo gallery with like uh the
with funny testimonials. That's what
with it. And boom. That's high
with my team. So, let's go over these
with the Valentine's theme. And then
with the copy. That's not on the copy.
with the free trial right here. And then
women's denim and then men's denim um
women's in the hero section. So this is
would be one thing where I'd try to make
would buy. So that's going to be super
wrong here. You never want these
yeah, that's cool and all, but really,
yeah, these ones I think we could update
you can do anything. Do gym. Um they say
you can look at the different launches
you can't do full image emails, but you
you check that out. Um, and yeah, thank
you do. A lot of brands just do a launch
you get 20 20% off custom sunglasses
you go to the website, you don't view
you haven't seen them, wearable fitness
you need to know. Hopefully that helped
you open this email, customers are
you receive. You'll see there's a weird
you should be doing. So, first up, we
you so much for watching. See you in the
you visualize it um in exactly what I'm
you're highlighting a anytime your sale
you're using. So you can see in this
your emails because if they see this,
your emails. They're not going, I
your free trial with Whoop today. Start
your new piece. You deserve it. Big
your shades your style. And so this is
