 
"Give us your email." You'd be surprised
"Oh my gosh, let me buy again." So,
$21 off, $19, $20, 23, 12. And it's
$3,000 monthly Clavio bill in November,
$585,000.
11th to 17th. And the one thing that we
2 weeks. They do 25% off set items plus
20% off and have fake urgency by having
2026, whatever one converts the best.
21st for express. So we have these
27th, Black Friday on the 28th, Small
28th. Early access, we just want to be
40% off that specific item, but pretty
9:00 a.m., literally by 11 or 12, that
AG1. So, they're a subscriptionbased
AM launch and PM reminder. Ideally, we
And also on top of that, we need to make
And as I said, we're going to create
And as a bonus, make sure you have
And if you want me to make a video
And so this is what I'm talking about
And something like you have early access
And then for Cyber Monday, that same
And then include urgency SMS on your
And then increase your brand perceived
And then post-purchase flow, right? When
And then similar to Breeze, they started
And this is like a cart abandon example
And we want to run this for 4 days. We
August 14th. This is really when we
August at the time of posting this it is
Black Friday Cyber Monday email right
Black Friday Cyber Monday offers. Our
Black Friday before Thanksgiving because
Black Friday email. Save $25 sitewide.
Black Friday offer. With our pop-up, we
Black Friday to really be the home run
Black Friday, Cyber Monday period
Black Friday, Cyber Monday sales, you
Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Q4 success.
Black Friday, Cyber Monday. Everybody is
Black Friday, whatever you got to do.
Black Friday. That simple. Feature some
Boom. Little bit of information about
Boom. That's all you need. Don't try to
Breeze ran. Just simple to understand,
Business Saturday, and Cyber Monday is
But really, what I'm trying to say here
CPMs. This was just last year. We can
CTA. We don't need so many different
Christmas. But overall, lots of cool
Custom copy. This is going to convert a
Cyber Monday ends, we want to go hard on
Cyber Monday guide that I've helped
Cyber Monday is very low. If you send an
Cyber Monday on Black Friday. So they
Cyber Monday or our gifting offers which
Cyber Monday period. And you can see
Cyber Monday was on December 1st, but
Cyber Monday, and gifting. And just
Cyber Monday, and then also the
Cyber Monday, if you send an email at
Cyber Monday, it was $25 credit plus
Cyber Monday, what that means is lower
Cyber Monday. So, make sure you be on
Cyber Monday. We want social proof. we
December 15th cut off for standard,
December 19th for priority, and December
December 20th to 22nd. The issue I have
Flask where this is a new offer every
For example, using images in your text
For their period, they did a free tote
Friday Cyber Monday offer and then ask
Friday Cyber Monday with our list is
Friday Cyber Monday. We need to be
Friday deal info with a ton of urgency
Friday deal. Two free tubes plus 25%
Friday green routine. 30% off. Shop
Friday offer is still valid. Here's what
Friday offer. It's slightly different.
Friday or Cyber Monday. And so what they
Friday, Cyber Monday emails are dead
Friday, Cyber Monday themselves or with
Friday, Cyber Monday this year. It could
Friday, Cyber Monday, but they say this
Friday, Cyber Monday, say it's like 25%
Friday, Cyber Monday, we can't have the
Friday, Cyber Monday. Paid ads drive the
Friday, Cyber Monday. So, we wanted to
Friday, Small Business Saturday, and
Friday. We launch it on Wednesday. We're
Here below, we can see Casey right here.
Hydro and they also did like free
I feel like maybe day five is going to
I put together this video and guide on
It's coming from the founder right here.
It's just kind of a lot, but it is
January way down here. So literally we
July equals BOGO everything. Buy one get
Just highlight the offer and then use
Keep it simple. Just make sure you have
Make it the biggest thing. Don't get
May as well get some gifts for your
Meanwhile, if you have different offers,
Meanwhile, imagine if Zuckerberg put in
Monday and try to get another order to
Monday emails needs to be a heavily
Monday the 29th through the 5th, they
Monday, a clean strip down email
Monday, even more in 2024 than I've seen
Monday, they launched their main offer,
Monday, we're going to be doing two
Monday. And then we need to warm our
Monday. So, November 14th to 21st early
Monday. There's going to be delays. If
November 13th and 24th, we want to kind
November, even October we really see a
Now, remember, Black Friday is actually
Obviously, you have the discount on your
October even, they're doing these bundle
Offer can stay the same if you want to,
Once you have somebody's email or phone
PS, it's a little bit of life and it's
People are going to be skimming your
Psychologically, some people prefer
Q4 is the most important quarter of the
Q4 is the most important time in
SMS before we go into Black Friday where
SMS content, I'm just going to keep it
SMS converts 5 to 10 times higher than
SMS. This is all we need right here.
SMS. We'll send an email every other day
Save 40%. Use this code at checkout.
September, you can't do the same exact
Shark. So, they do offer tiers by the
So we want clear, simple, and compelling
So, here is an example email and SMS
So, if we look at this email right here,
So, this one I'm not as big on just
So, we just need to start off by
Starts on the 1st. I also have these
Thanksgiving. Now, I like to launch
Thanksgiving. They're thinking about
That is 195x ROI. Crazy. and 62% of
That's a great one. Of course, we have
That's great. They talk about stocking
That's the schedule that wins and prints
The brands that win aren't just running
Then we want to say they have opened
Then, also guaranteed stock. That's
There's a lot of you need to do to
There's no algorithms. You can just hit
These numbers just simply are not
They didn't try to make it some like
This doc is going to be in the
This is the time of year to be
Tuesday is on December 2nd. I see some
Veterans Day, Thanksgiving falls on the
Wait a day, let our list cool off a
We can guarantee that we would
We can see the massive jump. So here's
We don't care about the revenue, we want
We just want to re-engage people who
We take care of all of it for you. So,
We want to push on the benefit of being
We'll build you a free custom Q4 roadmap
We'll talk about this a little bit, but
We're absolutely blown away by your
We're going to be able to get more
We've made it to the most important
When somebody opts in on the popup, we
With email and SMS, when you click send,
Year's Eve period, which is going to be
Year, new you push, then you can do this
You're about to get a ton of site
You're going to be getting a ton of
You're going to be landing in the spam
Your customers really aren't going to
a dollar off sort of offer, but framing
a little bit of fun. Need another reason
a lot of the load in this time period.
a mediocre ed a agency end up having
a premier email and SMS agency. We've
a second, I'm going to be giving you the
abandoned card emails. So, we want to
abandoned flows. Keep these super simple
abandoned, browse abandoned, cart and
abandonment and then also the Black
abandonment email that doesn't mention
about our email and SMS execution
about running a big discount or
about sending people the same emails,
absolute last chance buy now. And so
absolutely crush and grow our list like
access and then Black Friday Cyber
access closing where we send another
access up to 70% markdowns. It's right
access. From there, they then switch to
access. They started this early access
account. So go through and unsuppress as
acquisition cost once you have them.
action, maybe a few featured products
actually do? So this is what makes
actually fully in December this year.
actually going to buy from you more
actually stands out. Best of all, these
add something like add to your order
ads. Whatever traffic you're getting,
afraid to do that. Also, don't be afraid
after we're sending emails every day
again. You have their info and you can
aggressive. Yes, you're going to get
almost everybody's going to see your
also include that you're going to have
also like dry January coming up. So you
also, if you want to, resend specific
always send them stuff. The ROI is just
an extra bonus. Store credit is a good
and I like that. Keeps things super
and I'm going to be rolling out for my
and a sharp execution plan. So, please,
and abandonments, we need to be
and email gets 40 to 60% open rates. If
and extensive email. I love this one
and it always is. So make sure we have
and more competition is entering the
and the final call days. And then SMS,
and their revenue right here was
and then a Black Friday SMS as well over
and then also they did bundle offers and
and then hope for the best. Now, inbox
and then overnight shipping by Christmas
and then roughly like two SMS per week
and then we have a Veterans Day email
and then you're given much higher
and upsells before that ties us into
and we need it to be different from what
another $15 it's 35% off orders $70
another like sort of gifting angle, but
anybody goes to the website and they
anyone. I could come on here and tell
apply, whatever. Avoid using images and
are not properly prepping for Q4, you
are playing the most expensive game in
are ready to buy for BFCM. And then
are these simple textbased sends. These
aren't properly preparing, you are going
as a strategic email and SMS execution
as an SMS. So we have that here and here
as like a last little push here before
as well, uh, sort of push right here.
as well. And they ran their offer
as well. Then mix in some holiday
as well. We just want to email one
at the end, but then urgency as your
at the top, discount code at the top.
at this brand and 25% off at this brand,
attributed revenue, email 62%,
audience and not burn them. We want to
audience and you can run that for all of
automatically applied on their website
avoid using super long messages because
backtoback days going into our early
bag with purchases above $50 plus. It's
banners during Black Friday, Cyber
based, text based. So the top brands are
bath for many, many brands. Every year,
be better. I'm going to wait." Or maybe
be people at 5:00 p.m. who scroll down
be super quick. Want to mention the
be the most important part of your
be updating our flows. During Black
be walking through the Black Friday
because blocks of copy are hard to read.
because each new offer gives people a
because last year we sold out. So,
because now that you have their email in
because people will buy off different
because there's so much stuff and so
because they always want to be prepared
before Black Friday going into Cyber
before it even starts. Not because their
before we have kind of two emails on
before we launch our early access where
being like 25% off, 25% off. After the
below. Something to also note is if
besides the welcome flow, site
best one. And if you have the ability to
best performance last year were these
best sellers, then you should buy now
bestsellers. That's it. I like the dark
better for them. Some customers like
big for a alcoholic alternative. So,
big spike. Then November we can see this
bit more simplicity, but they definitely
boosting right here in gift offers. And
brand are interested, book a call below.
brand, and they really didn't give too
brands do that as well. And then once
brands on Black Friday and I'm
brands who end up breaking even or even
brands. If I'm choosing between 25% off
brands. This is the timeline that I am
break before we launch our Black Friday,
bulk things as well, maybe bundling
bundle or some sort of bulk offer. By
bundles and delivery deadlines. So I put
bundles still available for their
bundles, gifts, percent off, tiered
but it's going to be less value. We want
but just make sure that you send an
but really this is kind of a tiered
but this brand I also get a little gift
button right here. And then a banner
buttons. Just keep it super simple and
buy 1 get one, which is typically the
buy for Christmas. Focus on AOV boosts
buy they had all sorts of different
buy. So some examples, it's going to be
buyers or window shoppers who are
buying because they've already seen this
buying. So, it's something I don't know.
campaign name you're looking for is.
campaign. Because inbox are flooded with
can always do like 10% off plus you'll
can do three or even four because the
can see it's literally just text. This
can see like the different packs that
can see some of the success that we had
can see textbased right here every other
can tease what's coming, but save all
chance sort of gifts for the holidays. I
chance. This is what we recommend for
changed from 2025 to 2024. We can't just
channel. There's no bidding wars.
checkout abandon, and then the immediate
clear offer, a warm email and SMS list,
clicks, and replies so that over the
closer. Whereas like SMS in this time
cold traffic. You have a gold mine just
compared to 11 graphic based emails. We
compared to what you have ran over the
competition is going to be brutal during
completely destroy your year. Then also
completely fine to say that. They add
complex, but this is still good
confusing. Kind of like Hydro Flask. We
consumer behavior. This is what we need.
content tips because this really is not
conversion rates. And that is the core
conversions. So simple and easy to
convert. Your offers are going to carry
converting campaigns, daily messages to
copy. Shop now. No need to go crazy. And
costs are going to absolutely skyrocket,
costs which is why we need to focus on
could buy something for themsel and then
could just stick with that acquisition
crazy extravagant thing. Just $15 store
crazy. You can book a demo call. Just
creative with your wording, it can be
credit. Instead of saying $15 off, they
cross the line before waiting for Black
currently suppressed in your Clavio
custom markdowns on every single item on
customer doesn't need to like squint
customer how to claim their offer,
cut off. So those are some relevant
cuz people just need urgency. So
dates and this peak buying window is
day 10 is going to be better. Let me
day, you know your brand better than
day. Boom, boom, boom, boom. And then
day. Now, this is a lot. It's definitely
delay. So we can see like this is a
deliverability. If you're not landing in
depending on paid traffic to carry your
description if you want this document
description if you want to guarantee a
designed email. In fact, our highest
developing a very cheap product you can
did an extra 25% off. So, they kept the
did was a quick free shipping holiday
didn't like the offer, then we can have
didn't like the offer. And we really
didn't open it. And then we can resend
didn't start it early. I would recommend
different conversion windows. If
different discounts and some just hit
different emails. So, if you want to
different for every brand. You could do
different offers for the different time
different offers. And then for their
different products together as like a
different schedules. We're going to be
different stuff. You seem fun and this
different time periods. So, they did an
different. What's super important to
direction that I would go with sort of
discount cuz what they do is they did
discount info and then just really
discount. So they say save up to 55% off
discounts on the website. And then they
discounts. It's a little extra push for
discounts. It's a lot less for you to
discounts. This is a common one that a
do BOGO or buy one get two, whatever it
do a launch, a midpoint push, and then a
do that or you can do what I like to do
doing it. You should, too. Don't be
doing three emails and then two emails
don't have to worry about any execution.
don't really need to get too aggressive
don't view any products, they just
drop, add an extra percent off, add in
during this time period, they're really
e-commerce blueprint, your road map. You
e-commerce, and it's not even close. If
e-commerce. Today, we're talking about
e-commerce. We can look at some of the
early access offer and run it for about
early early access and then an early
early. Get your Christmas gifting out of
easy bonus that I love seeing brands do.
easy to put together. Exactly what you
education heading into Black Friday,
efficiency. If you're kind of
email alone. That is because they had a
email and a text message on these days
email in August at 9:00 a.m. There could
email is buried and that person is not
email when they officially launch it is
email zero times over all time where it
email, we need at least two per day. An
email. And you can create that segment
email. It will massively increase your
emails and then an SMS every single day
emails and whatnot. But once we have
emails before we go into actual Black
emails don't send cuz they're sending
emails going out like it's 25% off of My
emails just feel personal. They look
emails like it is all throughout the
emails only to non-openers of your prior
emails, different products on sale every
emails, maybe non-discount email over
emails. And then just have one clear
emails. It's because their offers are
emails. You're sending them daily text
engaged segments only. Focus on opens,
engaging and nobody's really going to be
engravings and all sorts of different
entire list and getting 20% opens.
even more expensive. And once we hit
ever. What this tells us is that if you
every other day, then an SMS one to
every single brand is sending messages
everybody, though. But if you're worried
exact offer, but Cyber Monday. Now, if
exact schedule and offer structure that
execution. Next, let's go into Gym
expires tomorrow. If we have different
extremely busy time. So, just a couple
fancy. Just keep the copy minimal. Then,
figure profit in single days. So, first
final hours urgency SMS. Whereas in the
first week, nobody's really going to be
fold. We ideally don't want the customer
folder and you're not going to make a
follow up on a email two with a ton of
for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And then
for Black Friday, Cyber Monday. So, I
for Q4 this year in 2025. Because I'm
for a couple days. So, feel free to do
for a week. And so, the engagement is
for about 72 hours right here. They said
for acquisition, especially during this
for any brand that has a lot of SKs and
for browse abandon and cart and checkout
for the 15th through the 21st. And we
for the next offer. And so this is the
for the offer. So, we want to give it to
for the user's email and phone number.
for them. So they really pushed these.
for this 3-day period before we shift
for you. This is what we're going to be
for yourself. I'm going to have some
forgetting the offers. So, in our flows
free engraving on bottles. So, you could
free shipping on orders $40 plus. So if
free shipping on orders over $100. So
freebies. And then they kind of just
frequency, frequency. And then Cyber
frequency. That's our most important
friends. Something like this. Super
from Casey as well. Cyber Monday 50% off
from November 13th to the 24th. Now,
from the same brand. Forgetting
from updating our flows and pop-ups. So,
fun. I haven't had the most success with
generate over $100 million in e-commerce
get 20% off. Spend $200, get 30% off,
get a free trial as well. Just run paid
get compared to any other part of the
get cooking. Thank you so much for
get impulse purchases and then have a
get them to come back again. And by
get this on orders over $100 plus.
get too creative and you can resend
get very low repeat purchases. Nobody
gift cards, definitely definitely
gift giving and then have different
gift giving pack. These are offers that
gift giving push, the only offer they
giftgiving periods. Pillar number two is
gifting and there's a lot of like dead
gifting period, just send emails every
gifting, which I think is super
give to people for free with their
giving until they pushed from the 17th
go to the website and then you can find
going over how often you should send
going to be a huge one. Hey, we're going
going to be crazy in Black Friday, Cyber
going to be from November 22nd right up
going to be honest with you, a lot has
going to be talking about today, as well
going to do an AM and a PM email send
going to go down on these emails cuz
going to have a bigger offer for Black
going to see your email. So, we need to
going with. So, we have early access
graphics and blinding colors and promo
great for engagement. So, if I were
growing our list aggressively. We need a
had this up to 50% off plus free
have Hydro Flask where they have a lot
have a banger Q4. It's overwhelming,
have a banger pop-up form. The bigger
have a different pop-up for each time
have a site abandoned flow here. If
have more urgency, and update the time
have strong offers and there's plenty of
have the same success. there's a lot
have to buy by the 15th. We always like
having different offers for different
having different offers, we can hit
help you stand out. Just bold your
here what it looks like. So you can see
here, but ramp up our frequency as the
here. And then if you have some sort of
here. So, in order to get people to buy
here. The one thing is I would like to
here. When somebody signs up from the
here. up to 70% off everything. So, just
high visibility. SMS has 98% open rates
highlight the offer down below. Easy,
holiday bundles where you could get
holiday bundles, so specific dollar off
holiday season relevant dates. We have
holidays with family, gift giving, and
holidays. And if you have some sort of
how many people opt in and then they're
how to absolutely shatter your records
how we can capitalize on the full month
ideally two per day. Just keep it
if somebody bought right now, they
if you're a 7 to9 figure e-commerce
ignored or missed Black Friday or they
importantly, we need it to feel special
in Q4. And we can't just have a small
in an SMS every single day. Frequency,
in less than 24 hours, but they ran it
in the main inbox. So, from this point
in their inbox and they'll still open
in this period as well. You can see it
in this period, we need to just position
in this time period is to do markdowns
in this time period. So, we need to give
in your list. Number three, your ad
in. Just use your gut. Give a strong
inside of Clavio just by going to like
interesting. It must work really well
into Cyber Monday/Cyberweek if you want
into gifting. Gifting, just an email
inventory, fulfillment, support, sight
is all we need. It feels super personal.
is email and SMS are the key to a
is going to be the peak buying window
is in clothing. This is probably the
is our biggest offer ever. That's
is that email. So, what this will do is
is three times more expensive than just
is, buy two get one, those sort of stuff
it and it seems completely new. You can
it as store credit. You've tiered
it's time to sell, our emails hit hard.
it. All right, so this is the Q4
just a little bit too late. I would run
just a raised discount from their early
just did a buy 1 get one free offer in
just does not convert as well as having
just from last year. For context, I run
just had it framed as your winter
just shoot for a simple click. And so
just so different than the flashing
just want to clearly feature our Black
just want to hit all of the shipping
keep it light on content. Super simple.
kept the 70% off and then an extra 20%
killer pop-up form. I highly recommend
kind of emails every other day, but then
kind of have three emails in this week
kind of like the Christmas and then New
know that people buy when we're like
know that the work we do before Black
landscape has shifted with AI. If you
last chance push on days 13 to 14. We
last chance. This expires tonight or
last minute digital gift cards for last
last year in November. We can see
launched it the same day and they ran it
least once over all time. Add a filter
left behind and then also giving the
let our email list know that if you want
let's go into Dr. Squatch, which I'm
leverage and they are your profit engine
lifespan of an email in Black Friday,
lifetime supply giveaway for a random
like 10% off because we have a different
like New Year's Eve push or like New
like a free gift or add a new product
like a onetoone message and not a mass
like changed the name of it to Black
like day four or something, someone may
like giving back sort of thing, Giving
like sitewide markdowns. And then we
like we're giving the customer something
like what I would recommend on the early
like your offer, but they're like, "Ah,
list engaged across two to three weeks
list. Don't just turn off your pop-up.
list. We can't just have any list. We
list. We need to make sure we have a big
literally up to $180 off. So really AOV
little bit before we launch Black
little discount. So definitely say that
little oomph to try to get somebody to
losing money in Black Friday, Cyber
lot better than just having a standard
lot more urgency because these offers do
lot of brands will do. So, spend $100,
lot of money in Black Friday, Cyber
lot of skews on your website, you could
love the free gift with purchase. Or you
love this as an offer as like a last
lower urgency. If we're running this
main dates for this season. I created
make it a giftable product, so someone
make this cryptic. We can't make it so
many different offers. I'd like a little
many people in your list that you can so
markdowns, but they just updated the
market. If you increase ad CPMs and then
massive discounts for Black Friday,
massive surge in that Black Friday,
massive warmedup list ready to buy.
massive, warm, engaged list so that when
may get some sexy revenue numbers, but
maybe some bestsellers, maybe a quick
me know. The goal is just to have a
mediocre results. My team of $100
message. For example, this brand had a
messages. And if they abandon a cart,
messaging in this period from gifting
million email marketers are built and
minute shoppers. If you can do digital
money. So, if you aren't getting email
month. And this is what they did. They
more competition and the whole marketing
more videos coming out on Black Friday,
much 25% off sitewide. Then December 2nd
much of an offer. They pretty much ran
much work for the customer. Every little
multiple different peaks. And also, we
multiple emails on the major days.
multiple offers. We're going to keep our
multiple urgency peaks because instead
need for like a high pressure scenario.
need to be doing in the leadup to Black
need to be stacking different offers for
need to have a warmed up list who's
need to understand that ads are great
need to update our flows to highlight
next couple months, you'll slowly repair
next video. Tons of value in it. Thank
not last long. So, really, you can turn
not really a new groundbreaking offer.
not too much going on to where it's
notice below how Breeze, for example,
now save more. And then just lots of
now. Dial in your offers and send more
now. This is the best offer all year.
nudging, showing the product that they
number, you don't really have to pay
of bundled deal when you subscribe. So,
of gifting and not force people to wait
of have an email every other day. We
of just having one last chance push, if
of offer fatigue on days 7 through 14
of spice. Something like a free gift bag
of stuff going on. Again, they do an
of the fastest growing brands in the
of the offers, and it should feel like
off all the flows in your account
off sitewide, we are going to have a ton
off. So, for early access, they did it
off." Use this code claim deal. Button
offer ends. Maybe do some daily emails
offer for 14 days, you only get one like
offer for two weeks straight. Now this
offer in November. We need this to be
offer, have some urgency, tell the
offer, our best, and most sitewide deal.
offer. I just highly recommend using
offer. It'll just give it a little bit
offer. Not as fun, but if you can get
offers across every single brand because
offers and important info so the
offers and the structure, let's talk
offers as well. So doing like sort of
offers for everything. We want to stack
offers for gift giving to get people to
offers in that period, we can have
offers right here. So this is $5 off,
offers that convert. One needs to be
offers work for your brand. You know
offers. We have different incentives to
often. Not every Black Friday, Cyber
okay. Something that I also wanted to
on November 29th, which was Black Friday
on orders above a certain point. It's an
on the 12th through the 28th. And what
on the 28th. We want this to be our main
on, stop sending emails to your whole
one as well. So, it's kind of just like
one free sitewide. Use code BOGO July.
one of the most known brands in the ecom
one of the top brands in the space, they
one, you're owned lists. You have zero
ones such as a launch, a reminder or
ones who are ready. Thank you so much.
open rates of above 60%, you might need
operational readiness. We can't have
opportunity is massive, but only for the
opportunity to grow your email and SMS
or a free stocking stuff or gift, a free
or add a twist to this offer, something
or family. Think about picking or
or like something like a free sample
orders. Especially if you're doing
other day and sprinkle in two wish SMS
our Q4. Most brands just run the same
our biggest offer ever. Yes, they're
our largest offer ever. So it's $25 off
our margins. So obviously we don't want
our offer. We need it to be a limited
our special offers, be quicker to try to
out of our pocket. That just holds more
outlines the offer, a strong call to
outperform you and your team if you let
over here. And bonus points, if we can
overwhelmed by everything that I'm
pack for a different product. Something
participating in Black Friday, Cyber
past profiles in your account who may
past year to reward your list and add
people are checking their phone. So, we
people are seeing so many different
people are with their families on
people coming in. And we can't just have
people could like that offer and then
people to buy from you versus other
people to view the website and see what
people who received that email, but they
people with different preferences.
per week. That's really all you need.
percent off whereas some like to have a
performing emails we've seen during Q4
period of early access, Black Friday,
period, send three to four well-timed
period. So in our early access period of
period. Then we need to fix our
periods. Just make sure it is unique
periods. So, let me explain this. So, if
person who buys. It's just an extra
phased offer structure that I recommend
piece of friction is going to reduce our
plain textbased emails are quick and
plan. We need pre-built flows, high
please, please start building your list
plus double loyalty points on purchases.
plus like 20% off or whatever. It gets
plus. No code needed. This is just
point out is a free gift with purchase
pop-up form, you just say, "Hey, Black
pop-ups that collect email and SMS.
possible off of ads. So, the first real
possible. The best performing Black
post-purchase flow. This is a simple
pretty unique. And then December 17th,
priority shipping by Christmas cutoff
product sucks and not because their
production process and put stress on
profit given their price. If you're
profit. Couple reasons why. Well, number
profit. So the first pillar is we want
profit. You're paying more to get people
profitable BFCM. They are pretty much
push for Black Friday offer right here.
push, which is right here. I think that
pushing discounts, then this is
put that I sent you and you'll get a
put the offer in their face and say,
put this button way up higher as well as
ready to buy. So, that's what we're
really didn't push any offers after
really don't need too many emails in
really focused on the holidays here in
really need to understand is that we
really simple. That's my biggest thing
reason to open, click, surf the website,
receiving so many emails during this
recommend this so that you can do like
record-breaking Black Friday, it's going
refrain from that just so that people
remember that Black Friday is on the
remember. And even if they do remember,
reminding of the offer every single
repeat purchases with different offers
rest of the year. People are here just
right here for building your pop-ups. We
right here. Black Friday starts now. Buy
right here. Super simple. And then
rolling out for a lot of our brands. to
run the same strategies and expect to
running a brand, I would probably follow
said in this early access offer in this
said store credit. Psychologically, I've
sales with. Let's just get right into
same flows that we've had year round. We
save $25 sitewide. Super simple right
save creative bandwidth, don't be afraid
say person has received this email at
saying with like the amount of emails
section I want to talk about here are
see a couple different industries right
see a trend upwards. It's going to get
see what they can save, and buy again.
see you in the next
see. They're opening all sorts of
seen that work better because it feels
segment's preferences. This also lets
segment. We can say non-openers for
send highv value non-discount product
send multiple reminders. Whereas SMS, we
send out, and timing that matches
sending emails. Your frequency is how
sending multiple emails every day. You
sending schedule. This is not the time
sent eight plain text emails in this
shipping cuto off days and shift your
shipping cutoff dates right here as well
shipping cutoff dates. So, we have
shipping on order $65 plus. And then
shipping sale for one weekend. They did
simple and easy to understand. We can't
simple email. Buy it right here. Black
simple for the customer. And then they
simple offer. I love how simple this is.
simple, a bold hero section that clearly
simple, effective. This is what we want.
simple, highlight the offer, and have
simple. We just want to update the copy,
simple. up to 55% off sitewide. Big
single day. You can see some of these
sitewide custom markdowns. If you have a
sitewide plus $5 cases. One line of
so, just match the offer timing
some Black Friday Cyber Monday results
some brands, what they did in 2024. So
some examples. Black Friday one, super
some extra regulations before Black
some freshness. So now that we have our
some help. Start sending now to your
some last minute gifts right here. And
some more bundles, something like this.
some sort of acquisition offer, you
some urgency. Cyber Monday, very similar
somebody buys, we want to thank them for
somebody missed Black Friday or they
something at the end of October, I would
something basic like 20% off for your
something like that is always going to
something like this. Add your email,
something like this. Black Friday in
something that you can do. If you have
something, use this code. The Black
space right now, doing over 3 mil a
space. And they started real early with
special if we want people to actually
special, custom markdowns on the website
specifically on how to do that, just let
speed. Make sure all that is locked in.
spend, learn what works best for your
spiel on brand information. We want to
standard shipping cutoff. So, if you
start off in the month of November. We
start to see the uptick. So we start to
started Black Friday very similar to
stay cheap. Number four, you control the
still be interested. You could have past
store to see what items were discounted
strategies and timelines. So we need to
strategy because most brands lose Q4
strategy that you can use if you're
strategy. And so, as some final notes,
strong stacked offers that actually
stuff here. A little bit confusing and
stuff in your face. This is all of our
stuff. And then on Thanksgiving, the day
stuffer or something for their friends
subject line in preview text cuz then
successful Q4. We went over a lot today.
super easy. Simply just state your
super important as well is unsuppress
super nice to get your AOV up during
super simple. Don't overthink it. It's
support. And so to say thank you, giving
sure that we're doing emails on our
sure we utilize our textbased emails
sure you've heard of. They're kind of
surfed around your homepage. We only
take home. I've talked to many, many
talking about celebrating for the
text message, you're sending them daily
textbased emails. So, make it come from
than you're comfortable with. The
that I really like and I think it's
that I want you to take away. So, next,
that email just to the non-openers if
that is built-in urgency just right
that you get this right. So, that's why
that you have list, the more profit
that you need to be sending, people are
that's just going to drive up your cost.
that's just going to slow down your
that's really the effects of running
that. Before then, Black Friday/Cyber
that. They really didn't do much gift
the 22nd. So free two-day shipping. I
the brand right here. And then another
the core event because it's the biggest
the cost of CPMs on ads is just rising
the customer might actually forget about
the day before Thanksgiving on the 26th.
the discount code. But overall just a
the discounts. They're showing up with a
the founder. This personal touch will
the inbox or the phone directly.
the inbox, you're not going to be making
the lookout for that and check out this
the markdowns are and then they also get
the offer as exclusive and early access.
the offer. Because if you're like me,
the only way to have a profitable Black
the plain text. So, just stick to
the same generic pop-up that's given
the same offer for a month, and it's
the same structure, very similar as what
the season for bundles. So all
the secret sauce is going to come in
the store and so you had to browse the
the time for long storytelling heavy
the top brands use to drive six to seven
the way to November 27th. So, right up
the way. Get guaranteed shipping. It's
their audience. And then lastly, we had
their email and SMS to claim, but if you
their holiday pushing October 27th all
their revenue in November came from
their standard sort of offer, some sort
them dopamine. We need to give them
them fast and with as little friction as
them. So for early access, Black Friday,
theme for these Black Friday emails as
theme. 30% off. Super simple but having
themed email up to 55% off. A button
then Black Friday closing where we're
then after that you spend $15 more now
then do one a day in between the launch
then here's like a Cyber Monday sort of
then they also did this tiered sort of
then they reused the same bundles for
then we every 4 days, we can have
then. So, we'll send two Black Friday
there. When our offers end, we're going
these pillars to a highly profitable Q4.
these time periods. And then they did
these. That's what we want to do. Now,
they actually ran this like almost
they actually started their Black Friday
they also had those like holiday gifting
they did like a free shipping cuto off
they did was $15 store credit. So super
they doubled up right here. And then
they had some graphic and then text
they layered different offers. They used
they sent emails just like this before
they shouldn't care. You just need
they started their 12 days of Hydro
they're doing and the dollar offers for
thing that I like here is adding a
thing. If you're resending an email,
think that this is great. Free two-day
this because I kind of found that on
this calendar right here for the 2025
this copy plus each purchase entries you
this is Breeze right here. They're one
this is a super simple execution plan
this is our last chance holiday gifting
this kind of like December 10th because
this popup up. And then also, we need to
this stuff throughout. And then breeze
this time period where you are giving
this timeline, what offers do we
this will then create the segment of
those big discounts. If you're thinking
though, make sure you change your
three. Notice how it's not a super long
through the 18th and then the 20th to
throughout Cyber Monday and Cyber Week.
throughout December 3rd. So through
throughout November, starting out in
throughout the whole week. So they did
time and they're forgetting what they
time delays. So these are just natural
time of the year. This rolls us straight
time periods during Thanksgiving where
time periods, you can hit every customer
time sort of thing. We need to protect
time. You can get as many eyeballs that
tips. Make the offer the hero section.
to 3rd for Cyber Monday, they did a up
to 50% off website, Cyber Monday
to Black Friday, two per day. And if
to be able to reactivate buyers for
to be left in the dust. So today, I'll
to be making a huge push for Black
to breaking records you didn't know that
to do like 80% off. And most
to do like free shipping for these days.
to do that. We want to change the angle
to have to scroll to click your button
to make sure that you have stock on our
to our Black Friday sale starting now.
to push urgency on these days. and then
to recuperate our list throughout the
to resend the same emails for
to send one or two emails for your offer
to send the same email multiple times.
to shop Black Friday with us? Here are
to shop onto the website. We want to
to start months earlier. Here's what we
to win a lifetime supply of Breeze.
together this sample sending schedule
traffic, but email and SMS drive the
traffic, the most that you're going to
trained to execute on these strategies.
travel size version of your hero product
twice per week is good. But just making
two, and then like a last chance urgency
unattributed revenue 38% for this brand.
understand as well is that there's just
understand. And I'll be going over some
understand. We need to add urgency on
understanding where we at with Q4 this
unmatched. Email averages a 41x ROI and
unsubscribes, too. So, we need new
unsubscribes. That's okay. We are going
until Black Friday, they were pushing
until December 2nd. That 10day stretch
up. Boom. Super simple and easy. And
update those once those offers end. And
urgency 2 hours later absolute last
urgency built in. But at the end of the
urgency drivers. I typically would like
urgency everywhere. So, here are just
urgency, and they kept things really,
us take care of this all for you. You
use them for most of our brands. We
use your little gift as a stocking
using the platform Alia. Alia learn
value and energy. Nobody just wants like
very similar to our Black Friday offer,
video of 2025 for anybody that's in
wait. And then they just never end up
want it to be simple, clear, and easy to
want to be sending at least one per day,
want to focus on gift giving for the
want to get your gift by Christmas, you
want to go over some graphic email
want to make sure our offer is live by
want to send them a quick welcome email
want to wait 45 minutes. We want it to
wanted to do Tumblr, then you could get
wants to buy the same offer twice.
warm-up offers and lists by November
watching this video. Hit the link in the
we just need to understand what are the
we need a big warmed up owned audience.
we run different sales every 4 days,
we want a single large CTA above the
we want to update our pop-ups for our
we'll start off with an email and an
we're going to have a couple days of
we've ran over the past year. If you
weak, unclear, or timed incorrectly. In
website, so they don't need to enter
weight. So, I love that. But the really
well. You can see this as well. A dark
wellness kit is here. And it's just when
were very strong with their offers to
what discounts you want after that. They
what pays off. If we want a
what they do is on November 13th, they
what your audience would be interested
whatever campaign you want. Create a
whatever this email is. And then just
when I say these plain text emails. You
where the campaign name is whatever the
whether it's a discount code, auto
which is 25% off sitewide. Plus, if you
which is why most brands who run Black
which we went over. While email and SMS
who already know, like, and trust you.
whole entire year. It is so important
will give them a second or third chance.
will have a 50% increase in your CPM
will keep people subscribed to your list
with it, then I'm probably going to go
with some discount explanation and then
with this is that I think that this was
work really well. So now let's look at
work really well. Then you have bundle
work really, really well. And this is
worked with over 200 different brands.
would just do us no good. You know what
wouldn't be able to get this before
yada yada yada. That's great, too. I
year. Q4 is going to be a profit blood
year. So, this is your biggest
year. We need to go hard in this time
year. You cannot afford to mess it up.
you buy now, you can skip all of that.
you can apply this for next year. So try
you can do that, too. And so, as far as
you can have the biggest list possible.
you can see that this was their original
you could. Book a call below and let's
you exactly what offer to run, but that
you get an extra 20% off. You spend
you get double loyalty points and then t
you get. Here's your cart. Shop now.
you just have one offer for Black
you mess up your Q4, you mess up your
you might get shitty profit numbers. We
you point a new offer and they're like,
you really really don't want to be
you sent me. If you try it out, you can
you so much for watching this and I will
you spent $40 then free shipping and
you start it early, but they actually
you stay visible and drive your urgency.
you subscribe, you get these offers and
you test angles and positionings so that
you want people, your list are people
you want, but they're not great for
you want. I recommend just resending to
you're doing long extensive emails,
you're going to be able to send
you're going to make in this time
you're pretty much guaranteeing that
you're running a longer like cyber week,
you're shopping all sorts of different
you. This deal only happens once a year.
your Black Friday, Cyber Monday flows.
your deliverability so that you can land
your email and SMS lists are your
your email. But during Black Friday,
your logistic break when traffic spikes,
your offers in the schedule, which could
your team when this is already an
