 
"Oh, that's awesome." But what if I told
100,000 people four times than send to
2 months ago if they focused just on the
20,000 people four times. But still, I
2026. Again, thanks so much and I'll see
60, 90 days. That's your moneymaker
And even then, if you do have people to
And if you mix an already boring channel
And on top of that, we need new designs.
And there are thousands of brands out
Awesome. Do that, please. That's
Because what's also nice about only
Having product specific branches for
I fell victim to this for the longest
I have sent over 1 billion marketing
I know it's super easy and tempting to
I'm like this is awesome and then
I've learned in the process. If you're
If I were to be testing this email right
If the first email in your flow splits
If you have a 100,000 person email list
If your website has no traffic or your
Just to be clear, when I say stop over
Kind of just a lesson, but nobody's
Maybe the next email you do a puzzle or
So, just make sure that you're always
The next, maybe you do a sneak peek. The
Then they're going to continue to engage
There's a lot more highv value
They look like a real person typed them
They should be the majority of your
They're warm and ready to be converted.
This is the tip that I receive the most
Use these textbased emails. Don't
a little bit too much where if you send
a lot of brands that have been updating
a quiz that reveals some sort of mystery
a,000 people go into this flow, you'll
abandon, and post-purchase flows. Put
abandoned, cart abandoned, checkout
acquisition. So, if you're running a ton
across the 200 brands that I've worked
active on your website in the past 30,
actual emails you send. It's with the
adding all the crazy stuff. I talked to
ads coming from a brand who isn't really
advanced stuff. We want to add more
again. Look, I'm an email marketer and I
all the other brands that they're signed
all the other brands. So, what should
already know exactly what they're going
and I say there's nobody entering or
and I talk about this a lot, so you
and abandoned checkout emails, we're
and the customer expects you. That's
are at 3%. So if we just brought them to
are hundreds of tests across all sorts
aren't going to matter. So my tip is to
aren't going to see your messages and
asked Chat GBT to rate our products.
at. They should go to your website and
automations. I see this all the time and
automations. creating email flows that
awesome. What I don't want you to do is
backlash for. But the numbers speak for
be the majority of your email marketing
because it seems so simple. Let me just
begging for dopamine. They need
billion marketing emails is that the
blinding designs, these textbased emails
bored of the brand. The people who are
brand. Whether it's meta ads, organic
brands are sending these crazy graphic
break through the noise. They get
buck by just sending to more people. So,
can admit that email is already boring.
can get joining your list, the more
channel on how to create these and
compared to when you send consistently
competitive. If you aren't sending at a
content angles. One email, you might be
content is new, good, and dopamine
content or the emails themselves. It's
content that they need in order to
content to get them to convert. So,
content, SEO content, partnerships and
converting one, you lost that customer
could keep talking about these email
create them high converting. Tip number
customer bought from us in the first
customer can go to your website,
customer is subscribed to over 50
customer service representative. In our
customers and they all of a sudden out
customers are doing in 2025 because
customers need new. Customers crave new.
customers need newness. They need
date, what color underwear the person
days ago or within the past 30 days.
different designs every single time.
different newsletters. And if you aren't
different stuff. You can't just do
differentiation, which is why these
discount for the customer. Whatever it
do, just keep your customers guessing.
don't believe me, try sending at this
don't need 87 lists based on product
dopamine with fun copy and dopamine
dopamine. They need branding
dopamine. What creates dopamine is
drive traffic to continue to grow your
driving traffic because email needs it
e-commerce brand, you want me to
easiest double in your email marketing
easily double your sales in literally
email copy styles, email designs from A
email either from the founder or from a
email flows. So inside the welcome flow,
email into your email list, and now
email marketing dies the second you
emails aren't going to make money if you
emails because those are the real money
emails in the world. They're sexy and
emails into our flows. But my tip is to
emails per week. Frequency, frequency,
emails that they're putting together and
emails to different tighter lists to
emails to your whole list. No, that's
emails, they're going to go check out
emails, you're missing the opportunity
emails. I know that sounds insane, but
emails. Their emails are fine, but they
emails. Try new structures. Try long
engaged subscribers. People who have
enough. You're just leaving way too much
even further. Yes, we want to do all the
every single day, and you're releasing
every single day, your customers are
every single week and every once in a
everything and customizing each email
everything revolves around your pop-up
favorite is and if you have any more
figure ecom brands I audit is that they
find the winner, test more, and optimize
first few emails. That's it. And if
first in your first flows is that you're
five emails will be a textbased email
flow actually do all the revenue. And
focusing on a customer story. The next
for each specific customer persona. And
forever. But if you have a
forever. the high-con converting pop-up
form versus short form. Whatever you can
form, you're able to gather more out of
form. This kind of ties into the traffic
forms is 10%. Meaning 10% of website
forms. I have videos on my YouTube
forward to seeing what your guys'
frequency first, segmentation after.
frequency, but a lot less than you'd
frequency. When you rarely send to
from 3% to 9%. This is why I obsess over
from it. Check out this video if you
from the founder or somebody from the
from the founder. In our abandoned cart
from there to really refine them. Then
funniest thing I found in sending over a
get 250 here, 250 here, 250, 250, and
get the higher click-through rates and
give them a more personalized feel.
giving them a reason to open your
going through all sorts of different
going to forget that you exist. The
going to get a lot of traffic to be able
going to get bored and they're going to
going to have a textbased support style
going to know if my test that I ran on
going to lose effectiveness. Typically,
going to see your great emails and your
going to want to unsubscribe from you.
good enough frequency, your customers
graphics are so important. They need
graphics at all. They're very important.
great, but you get more bang for your
have 12 emails each. Having every
have a time and a place, and they should
have no traffic. You could have the best
having a banger popup, which we're going
having a couple emails to focus on at
here off 250 people, I'm not really
here. This is also going to
higher likelihood of making sales. Don't
how it's done. Tip number six,
how you get terrible open rates and then
hyperoptimized pop-up form, that
if you're already sending four times per
if you're only sending these sort of
important emails that you need action
influencers, it doesn't matter. You just
infographics to display information
interact with your pop-up, enter their
into four different subsections and
into your strategy. Graphic heavy emails
is because so many brands overlook it
is kind of the amount that I found to be
is, the inbox is more competitive now
is, you need to be testing all sorts of
it. Whereas, if we just have one email
just a couple days. So, let's start out
just aren't sending to their customer
just can't do that. The customer is
just get a template and just reuse that
just my experience. And as long as
just really focus on those first few
just simply aren't sending enough
keep it simple and high converting.
kind of like a game that they need to
know what they're going to get, it's
leads that are entering the email list.
likes to wear on Tuesdays. You don't
list and get people interested in your
list enough. The inbox today is so
list growth. And if we ran that for 3
look pretty, they're awesome, and they
main problems with 95% of the 7 to9
make a lot of money. Tip number four,
makers. Tip number five, stop with over
many engaged people as you can and just
marketing strategy. The more people you
matter if nobody's on your email list.
mean is just create your engage segments
meat on the bone. Your customers are
might be tired of me saying it, but you
million for our brands in the past 18
money to get a little bit more advanced
month, even once per week, is not
months. Let me know what tip you
most brand that really matter are your
most likely to convert are your newer
my brands is three to four times per
need eyeballs. But most importantly, you
need that. Really, the only lists for
need to be implementing textbased emails
need to be sending emails three to four
need to capture them. And that means
newness. When anybody sees the
next, maybe you do a fun angle like we
not sending the same templated emails,
notification from your brand, if they
now. If you use them too much, they're
of ads, driving a ton of ads to your
of different brands, these consistently
of people on our email list, three times
of the blue receive an email from you,
on your email. If every single time it's
once per day, your unsubscribe rates can
one, maybe you do a mythbusting email.
ones that were making them money. Just
opened or clicked an email or have been
optimal amount that I found working with
optimal for email results, and on top of
our client average from 3%, let's say
out, and it could be just a friend
out, and then leaving, which most
overuse them, but use them and you will
people you have to sell to and make
personally audit your email marketing
place to try to get them to come back.
point I brought up earlier, but the
pop-up form that's on your website. This
pop-up form will only convert 3% of
pop-up form, you're literally just
pop-up forms and why I think they are
possible split and filter imaginable.
preferences, gender, location, birth
product highlight, product highlight,
purchase. Spend time on your pop-up
put up a pop-up form and cool, I'm going
reaching out to you. While all these
really skyrocket. Now, I know what
receiving these emails. You need to
releasing designs, the customer isn't
releasing, cuz then the customers won't
replies, they feel personal, and there
resonated the most with below. I'll look
reveal because you have completely
revenue is going to come from those
revenue is not going to come from the
revenue. Now, I'm not saying don't use
revisions when they could have been done
right here and a,000 people enter into
same structures over and over and over
see brands hyper segmenting to make
seeing you in their inbox without being
segment and that's going to be the one
segmentation because hot take most
segmentation is a waste of time. You
segmenting, I don't say just blast
sell to, sometimes people get sick and
send the same layout every time. Switch
send to them at a high frequency. We
sending email campaigns three to four
sending emails right now, these lessons
seven is frequency is king. One of the
seven to nine figure e-commerce brands
should be used sparingly and for very
significantly reduce your cost per
simple. You can just tweak a couple
something new and the customer doesn't
sometimes the problem isn't your email
spend a lot of time really optimizing
start recycling the same content, the
stop interacting with your emails and
strategy because, like I said earlier,
strategy, book a call and we'll chat and
strategy, but they often can feel like
subscribed to your email list a couple
subscribers when it's people who
subscribers. Cool. You're probably like,
sweet as possible. Hope you got value
talking to yourself. I audit over 10
team. And then we also use these
template for all your emails, but you
testimonial, testimonial. No, mix it up.
textbased emails within our automated
than it has ever been. An average
that I audit will do that and their
that I missed. That does it for this
that I went over earlier and just send
that I'm about to share with you could
that customer is just done with you, but
that many emails and testing literally
that you don't have people to sell to.
that you keep trying to sell to, maybe
that you should spend the majority of
that's really not a large sample size.
that's the truth of it. 80% of your flow
that, you want to do some segmented
the amount of people to sell to, and in
the basics, your welcome flow, browse
the email list. But most brands I audit
the first one to three emails in each
the most important part of your email
the order. Change the flow of your
their email strategy and all their
their flows for like 6 months cuz
their website visitors into email
them for you. If you run a 7 to9 figure
them. Just make them broad and then test
themselves. Like, why would I be lying
then leave, you lost that customer
then you put all that work in just for
there are thousands of other brands in
there doing the same exact things. Your
these hyper customized emails. These are
they're doing all this crazy stuff and
they're high converting. But it won't
they're like why are our results so bad
they're planning all of it. They're
they're still on your email list.
they're way more likely to unsubscribe
things in your signup form and take it
think. And I mean, a lot less. If you
thinking about their customer. That's
this email is conclusive and I can end
this flow and we have this AB test, then
this is so key is because it's so
those aren't good, the rest really
those first few emails. Start with all
thousands of different subject lines,
time. Overthinking your email
times per week. And about one in every
times per week. I'd rather send to
times per week. That's a lot. I would
tips for hours, but I could just act on
tips on email marketing in 2025 and
to Z, these are the exact lessons that
to be getting emails. But most brands
to be worried about segmentation when
to get, then they're not going to click
to remind the brand mission why the
to run AB tests and get results quickly.
to run effectively. Tip number three,
to stand out. These textbased emails
to talk about later. The bottom line is
to you? Just focus on making sure your
traffic goes to email subscribers into
turn three times the revenue. And why
two to three killer emails in each of
under to 9%. We just tripled their email
unsubscribe immediately. Hey, you know
unsubscribe. Just try it for yourself. I
unsubscribes when you send at that
up to email lists for. Sending once per
video. Want to keep this as short and
visually rather than blocks of text. But
want even more in-depth strategies and
we can more quickly run this AB test,
we're also reaching out from the founder
we're going to have a welcome message
website, and people are just going to
week to your engaged email list, which
week, roughly every other day. This is
what we do for our clients is we're
what? Maybe you will get a couple more
where customers can kind of get used to
where these textbased emails come in.
while there's a brand where I look at
win backs and our post-purchase flows,
with boring content and the same styles
with the list. Tip number one is your
with your emails and then you have a
with, it all adds up. And after sending
without a pop-up form or a low
years, we'd have three times the amount
you can scale from there and start
you do? First of all, you need new
you don't need insanely fancy email
you in the next
you that our client average for pop-up
you'll end up in the spam folder. What I
you'll learn how we've made over $100
you're able to send them nurturing
you're going to lose money. The truth
you're not sending the same basic emails
you're only able to get out one to two
you're sending the right content, you're
you're thinking. saying three or four
your emails are going to get buried with
your emails to those segments. That is
your niche that the customer can go look
your time with. Cast a wide net to as
your website traffic and send them the
your website, just briefly checking it
