 
"Enter your phone number to activate
"Hey, you left this item behind, you
"Okay, cool. Let's send this to the main
$100,000 every single month. You can see
$287,000 coming out to a total of
$287,000 contributing to another 35 to
$500,000. So this is me. I'm Max, the
10 people who receive this email are
16% of the total store revenue from
29th, 2nd, 5th, 6th, 8, 9, 12, 13, 15.
30% of people who are receiving this
30,000 new email subscribers per month
38 grand every monthish. And then the
40% of total store revenue, resulting in
4x and the growth right here. And that
5 seconds and understand it. Perfect.
85% of people are opening their emails
Aloe, Dr. Squatch, Ridge, Viori. They're
And I'm literally showing you every
And here is exactly what the month
And so without a pop-up form, you're
And that is it for this one. I hope you
And then always, always, always include
And then something like this, like brand
And then we have the cart and checkout
And then we're uploading our images into
And then what we have is the
Anything over one to two kind of like
But a high converting pop-up will allow
But essentially, it's a pop-up form
Buy these items." And that worked really
Clavio for clean and consistent layouts
Email flows are the automated emails
Email marketing revenue $212,000 and
Even though they do typically perform
FAQs rather than having a general email
Four times the amount of people they're
Generally, we have a day or two in
Going on a coffee date, here are some
Google and inbox providers will see that
How can we re-engage these inactive
Humans are much more likely to engage
I'll see you in the next one.
I'm going to show you exactly the form
I'm showing it all to you. So, let's
I'm trying to fix my scars. And then the
If they know exactly what it's going to
In 2025 and 2026, we need to make sure
In fact, we're getting over 50% of
It's just nice and clean and fun. You
Let's get into the overall results and
Maybe you'll get a good rorowaz here,
Meanwhile, the restocks like this and
Neither were you. You can see a button
Now, give this a year or so and people
People aren't sitting down and reading
SMS and email running at the same time,
SMS because um that's going to be stuff
SMS in each flow. Then of course, test,
SMS is typically, as long as you do it
SMS. Here we can see what the SMS
So, two different restock SMS messages.
So, we did a free item with orders above
So, we want these graphic based emails
So, what we get is around 17,000 to
So, you can see the exact performance on
Somebody can look at this email for 3 to
Something like how our materials are
Something that we're doing a lot is
Still easy for the customer to skim. You
That is a 4x in their email list growth.
That makes a huge difference. Here's
That's what marketing is. And then
These are pretty standard. We're going
These are the sort of the emails that we
These aren't essays of information.
They just feel personal. It comes from a
This is a super high leverage AB test is
This is the sort of stuff which is going
Watch out for this in the industry.
Watch out for wearing these materials
We have the offer SMS that we sent and
We make $500,000 every single month with
What I would do is I'd test 15% off
X amount of dollars. You can see the
You can do that here. Pushing people to
You can see coming from a person right
You can see the checkered throughout.
You can see the click rate as well being
You can see the jump in email revenue
You don't need to send this many. The
a clear CTA. We want to say shop now or
a lot of image-based text messages, but
a much higher ROI. And so these were the
a restock. You can see the performance
abandoned checkout. For our brand, we
abandoned flow, which is when someone is
abandoned flows here which have a
abandoned here. Very important that you
abandoned on SMS. It's actually illegal
abandoned, cart abandoned, checkout
abandoned. But look at this card
abandoned. For anybody who views the
abandoned. It's our second best
abandoned. Then we have the browse
abandoned. These are all going to have
abandonment flow, which is when somebody
abandonment flows like cart and checkout
abandonment we have the abandoned browse
able to then educate them through email
about the email flows that we set up.
about we're the best. We want to focus
about why our brand is different and
account right here and we're going to be
accounts. So this is the past 30 days.
action. They need to be able to see
active on the website, but they don't
actually address their exact needs. This
actually broken down. So, I highly
actually generating these results. This
actually have a back in stock flow right
actually internalize that. That's what
actually view any products. This is a
addicted to dopamine and they just
addressed. So rather than just letting
after us, jumping from like $100,000 a
again some more education here. Mixing
agency. We've generated over $100
alerts, and any urgent updates. We want
all of these were big announcements with
allow us to ascend this custom content
also is commitment bias, which is how
always keep it as short as possible,
an email, but they don't purchase. What
an extra 3.5 grand or so a month. And
an order just to get upsells, affirm
and 8,000 to 12,000 new SMS subscribers
and I can almost guarantee that the
and avoid our list unsubscribes. As far
and back in stock, what we do there is
and better deliverability. And then we
and if you want to add a discount, you
and keep things as fresh as possible. So
and show them our bests sellers to make
and the performance on the pre-order
and then did a big back in stock and
and then doing restocks like here, here,
and then featuring our community. So,
and then immediately unsubscribe. So,
and then we'll probably do like one
and these are the exact results. It's
and they have ADHD. They need
and they'll be like, "Hey, only 20 to
and value angles to avoid list fatigue
and we're going to have to try something
and what the stats are for a real brand
another example here. It's from a
another order, take this discount,
any products. You can see the win back
appealed. They need newness. If you
are at the forefront of all marketing
are bringing in different amounts of
are buying our vibe. We want to focus on
are created equal. Polyester and cotton
are getting a personalized product or
are going to be worn out from this form
are going to unsubscribe from text
are like bad X's. And so kind of just
are the exact email campaign results in
aren't giving them new, then what's the
aren't opening our emails. And if you
aren't ready to buy right now. We're
around $100,000 a month contributing to
around that mark when we started working
as the content that we're doing, this is
as the content, we're leading with
as the open rates, click rates,
asking a question before we ask for
at a higher rate. First, low barrier to
automated messages. Now, let's actually
back. You're paying all this money on ad
bad. That's around industry average to
based on an action that they take. So
based on where they're at in the
bat. What is the strategy that we're
be able to get them custom products and
be like, "Oh, that's way too many
be showing shortly. And then we have the
be when somebody bought 90 days ago, but
because for this brand, we're only
because people just aren't ready to buy
because we're sending email campaigns
because we're very tight with who we're
benefit is. A message from our founder.
benefits of ours in one email, the
benefits. Whereas, if we just focus on
better, we need to make sure we're
better. Let's only send textbased
better. Now, you might be wondering, why
between emails, but every once in a
big events and no nurture, setting up
brand right here, you could say you've
brand that we use is quite different and
brand, for example, our welcome
brand. And these email campaigns are
brand. We tested a mystery discount. We
brands don't have. This is bringing in
brands don't know this and so they send
brands with 0.2 to.3% click rates
browsed this, come back and finish your
but essentially these have no images.
but most people are just going to leave.
but such high leverage. Say you could
but the bigger your brand gets, the
but the strategy is kind of like in a
but they don't view any products. This
but this again is pretty typical. And
buy our stuff. No, good content. We want
buy. These are essential because they
by not making these couple tweaks which
campaigns are the onetime emails and SMS
campaigns around micro topics, not
campaigns per month, sending out that
campaigns per month, solely focused on
campaigns, just these five right here,
campaigns, then this win back flow is
campaigns. If you're not sending email
can do to you cuz you have a lot of
can see for this brand it's 15% off.
can see just how much the call to action
can see the performance right here on
can see this is a great non-discount
can see what it was like before us. Then
can stay top of mind and maximize our
can't just make them one email. Then set
can. And then abandoned cart and
cart abandoned and the checkout
cart, then we can fire custom emails for
case, somebody's answering this first
changed and what we're doing. But just
character over to 251 characters, the
check out other videos on my channel,
checkout abandoned right over here. Then
checkout abandoned. Most brands that I
checkout, but if you're short on time,
claim offer then have a direct link in
clavio section showing what that person
click rates, and so these are pretty
clicks. I know people always worry about
close. So, we're not afraid to send
coming in. What are our lessons? Number
community. The simplicity just converts
community. We have two emails set in
compared to email. But SMS flows are
consistently, but they're still
content, which is going to add our
contribute to 16% of store revenue in
conversion optimized designs that don't
conversion rates and everything. average
conversion. We can't just spam
conversions. But that is the list growth
convert better when they feel that they
corporations. Following CO, the customer
could be what something looks like lost
counterintuitive, like adding an extra
couple brands in the past where we were
couple emails here as an extra nudge to
couple of examples here. You can see
credibility and then also our connection
currently have live in the account and
currently running to have 16.9%
customer is going to get overwhelmed and
customer journey which increases the
customers need to see products in
customers there and then also featured
customization bias. Humans tend to
days, $212,000 contributing to 33% of
decrease our unsubscribe rates. We're
deliverability, and placed order rates.
did was we hyped things with a pre-order
did. We're sending four to six SMSF per
difference in revenue over time at
difference. The cart abandoned flow is
different outfits that you can
digestible for the customer. If we
discount and educate them on the brand
discount as well if you want to include
discount code. That's what a welcome
discount's expiring." The side abandoned
discount, we tested percent off versus
discounts. We're giving them value and
do something like this where we're
does it taste like? You can see it's
doesn't like automated revenue? So,
doing community in our pieces, what's
doing for this brand? So, what we're
doing in 2025? We can't just do a basic
doing is we are sending three to four
doing is we're filling in with
doing one promotion every single month.
dollar off in versus a mystery discount.
don't just want to buy from faceless
don't purchase. The checkout abandoned
don't want to be nurtured on SMS. Text
don't we only send textbased emails? But
dopamine. They need to be visually
double the amount of people joining your
double your email and SMS revenue over
down all of these flows for you if you
each one. I'll break these down, but
educate over email to get them to buy.
education on the brand and pushing
educational email saying not all scrubs
effectiveness over time as the customer
eight emails, which is kind of a lot.
email address. And the person thinks,
email and SMS list. You will be able to
email are opening these emails. People
email campaign strategy right off the
email campaigns per week. This is so we
email flows side of things. Now, let's
email list, which just proves that click
email. And then after that, we say,
email. We have to be very very
emails and we're getting 70% opens, we
emails because this is the secret sauce.
emails here for the cart abandoned and
emails here specifically being like,
emails here. And then we have the sunset
emails. And then we have the site
emails. But we noticed that they lose
emails. We need to send three to six SMS
emails. We send to our whole list, then
emails." But look at the top brands.
enter their credit card information and
entertain, and differentiate our brand.
entry. It looks like somebody just needs
environment. That's a micro topic that's
estimate, we'd probably be at double the
even include a discount here because
even more. It's also novelty bias.
ever see a brand send you a text message
every customer to receive when they join
every now and again. But most often, we
every single day you are letting people
every single one of these if we weren't
everybody leave here, we can at least
everything else in terms of what we're
exceptionally well. And so, for this
experienced before. Customer just hasn't
far as the strategy, what exactly are we
fast." We did the restock right here.
favorite picks. What does this mean?
first step and then it's asked for the
flow and this is going to trigger when
flow is when somebody adds to cart and
flow may look like. Meanwhile, abandoned
flow may look like. You can see the
flow right here, which we've actually
flow that not a lot of brands have, but
flow, just one SMS. And then browse
flow, pretty much saying like, "Hey, did
flow, which is when somebody has been
flow. First off, we have the welcome
flow. So if somebody views a product and
flow. Usually, the order of conversions
flows right here. So, both of the
focused on non-disounts. Educate,
folder." Whereas, if we're sending
follow our IG. We featured some of our
for and they give those some social
for email. We stick to three to six
for the email address. So they are much
for this brand, we just had so many
for. Those are the exact numbers and how
forgetting something the dynamic section
form conversion rate from 4% which isn't
form using the platform called Alia. If
forms just like these. So why would we
forms to explode your list growth and
found work well with them. So that is
founder of WellCopy email marketing
free discovery consultation call and
from a friend. It says, "Hey yo, talk
from that and then linking to men's vers
from these systems being around $200,000
fully stress over. But as far as the
gathering their phone number when
generating a ton of revenue from the
generating an average of $100,000 a
generic themes. We need to go deep on
get an idea. This is like what a welcome
get into the actual strategies and the
get revenue. The purpose is to get
get them to enter their email, but no,
getting off of their ads and four times
give them that. Textbased emails are one
giving them variation in our emails for
goes to the website, but they don't view
going fast was like the only one that
going through in depth exactly what we
going to be sending as people complete
going to be super super important and it
going to talk about first, which are
going to trigger when somebody clicks on
got 21% back. So it's doing cash back
got some value seeing the actual insides
grand or so a month. The checkout
graphic- based value emails. This is
growing their list. when in reality
growth. I believe that the number one
had two cart abandoned flows here which
have anything like 20 to 30% open rates,
have different strategies for cart and
have seven emails cuz this person almost
have some icons and a little bit of
have the same sort of flows here, but we
have to keep much similar and minimal
have two separate flows for cart and
have way less messages within them. So
here all had at least 50% more revenue.
here are other people in these items.
here as well, specifically just for SMS
here is the email marketing revenue. You
here with these analytics in the signup
here, this email flows tutorial breaks
here, we have two emails. And here you
here. Then that post-purchase flow, try
here. There's no crazy graphics and the
high-converting emails that we've used
highlight for Earth Day. So, we really
hope you got some value. Make sure to
humans tend to follow through on actions
if there's like a Memorial Day sale,
if you're 79 e-commerce brand, book a
image will generate three times more
immediate thank you and then like a PS
immersive and high-converting signup
important for fashion brands cuz people
in choices. Let us point you in the
in most cases. Builds trust, builds
in some text based emails right here. Um
in? Here's what products you can use.
inactive on the email list for 180 days.
inbox visibility. Now, some people might
inbox." So, it's very important to have
information that they actually need to
information. Short, quick, and punchy.
inside of Figma, which is a design tool.
inspiration and outfit inspiration here
inspiration. So, a seasonal outfit
intentional. And there are certain rules
interaction and they need ways to get
is actually showing the behind the
is craving human interaction. We need to
is easy for the customer to click. And
is kind of like brain dead. They're
is really weird. It's 21%. They probably
is somewhere around this for brands. the
it as simple as possible to save costs.
it's almost never that including that
it's been a while, yada yada yada. Place
it's not really bringing any revenue in.
it's not too out of the ordinary. You
item is back in stock. And then here are
joining your email list or abandoning a
just as important if not more. So we
just as important, we have our textbased
just bought from us. and they were so
just enter your email for 10% off sign
just get into it. So, I have this Clavio
just left with only a few bucks from the
just made our lives so much easier so
just pull the customer closer to you.
just pulled back on cuz we found it's
just quick and to the point. We also
just with that welcome flow. And that's
keep opening your emails. So, use them
kind of like our main subtopics here is
kind of like the email which goes on top
left behind. Mixing in some social
lessons. Here was the total store
let's go to the SMS campaigns. And the
let's suppress the inactive people to
like a friend." Just right here. And
like the one linked here, cuz a lot of
like this the whole time. It's about
like what your system can look like. The
like, textbased emails always perform
likelihood of conversion. Plus, who
likely to interact with this first step.
limited time offer, discount exclusive,
link is going to be in the description.
look at other YouTube videos and nobody
look good in that product. So, having
look like every single time, just plain
looked like and the strategy that we
lot of social proof, reviews, and user
lower your click rates become. We have
make sure you AB test your offer. We
making as well as the other metrics such
many people just throw up a templated
marketing and SMS marketing strategy is
maybe two sentences. This is going to
message campaign, this is okay to do
messages a lot sooner than they would
messages can be annoying. We just want
messages for the win back flow. We
messages. Golf wasn't born to be boring.
meticulous AB testing. We took their
million in attributed revenue in the
month for them and just sending to our
month mark. And this doesn't even show
month, contributing to 16% of the total
month, contributing to 24% of the store
monthish to around the $200,000 per
monthly calendar example for this brand
more about me, there are my different
more likely to enter their email address
more money than they would have if it
more, just being like, "Hey, your
most important part of your email
much lower. So this is why we only want
much money these emails are actually
much money to acquire, even if they
multiple reminders. Then, we have the
natural. So using things like pre-orders
necessarily go out of stock, we can
need to keep things super super simple
new. But right now, this just works
next abandonments is the browse
next step of this form is it's asking
niche. So, we need to educate these
non-disount angles, which we found work
normal engaged lists. And these
not a lot. That's literally like one
not about email and SMS. It's actually
not really bringing in a lot of revenue
now we're converting 16.9% of their
nutshell very similar. So, that's on the
of brands have, but we found this works
of just like hey place another order.
of like the stuff that we're sending
of our website traffic to them to send
of the exact topics. So, we send
of the vibe of like the checkered cases.
off of this because they already acted
on average of 65% of this store's total
on one thing about why we're the best.
on their phone. So, we need to make sure
on this first step. Somebody clicks this
once in an email. Since this is a brand
once per week for our brands. So these
once they start a process. So in this
one SMS as well. We have two text
one and really try to drill that home,
one, you want to dial in your pop-up
opening it. They're going to be like,
optimizing and learning over time. And
order value, the revenue per message,
order." Our next flow, which not a lot
other people wearing the products so
our actual emails, which is what we're
our best performer is the welcome flow
our community with images that were sent
our core flows with email, making sure
our products are really expensive. So,
our strong branding, clear visuals, and
our text message. That's the strategy.
our two browse abandons which you can
our vibe. We don't want to do this for
overdoing it. This is just what we've
overwhelm them with 10 different
overwhelming the customer with a ton of
past 12 months and email marketing
past 12 months. So if you want to know
people and build trust. So, we send
people are rebying off of those email
people back on the email list or
people entering in here. You can see we
people just interact with 21% more. So
people to interact with this first step.
people to place their order with the
people who are actually opening our
people who are ready to buy on your
people will leave and just never come
people, oh my gosh, this is a big
per month. Their acquisition revenue
performance on this and how well it did.
performance would be much higher,
performing flow, which is bringing in 16
person. So, we just want to have a
person. You can see how simple this is.
personal. When we do use our graphics,
picks. So highlighting like some of our
place here. And then, similarly, we have
platform attentive. You can see the
pop-up form and hope that they're
post-purchase flow when somebody places
pretty standard. Now, some people will
price is going to be double. So, we
probably don't want to see this brand,
probably double the performance for
process. I might as well just enter my
product features or specific customer
product right here. And for win back
product, we can see the results right
product. I need to buy this. So what we
products are a little bit more expensive
profiles? And if they don't engage,
proof like, "Hey, we're really awesome."
proof, some unique selling propositions,
punchy, and optimized for mobile first.
purpose is to give the customer their
push people to our social media. You see
question. So they're going to answer
rate over just the past 30 days. So, as
rates aren't something that you need to
rates consistently, but that's just
really gets used to them and there's no
really well for this brand, and that is
reason for someone to open this email?
recommend checking this out. You want to
rely on discounts. So, we can see a
represent. So we do that. We have staff
rest is also coming from SMS, which I'll
restock. Here you can see the revenue
results are going to be better. As far
results look like. And this is in the
results that we did over these forms.
revenue coming from our emails and our
revenue cuz we changed this as well
revenue for most of these if we weren't
revenue up 226%. And this blue bar right
revenue which I showed you over time.
revenue. So, we always cut that and keep
revenue. You can see we changed welcome
review, they only have the checkout
right direction and then promote some of
right here. Even if something doesn't
right here. In email marketing past 30
right here. Obviously, it's pulling in
right here. You can see the collection
right, going to bring in more revenue on
run it for a month, review the results,
running SMS for this brand. If you have
running the SMS, but I'll be taking you
sales per month, and you might be
sales, product drops, back in stock
save costs by having this only be one
save money on our Clavio bill. And right
say you need like 2 to 3% placed order
saying, "Hey, this collection is going
scenes inside of the accounts and how
scroll all day every day. They need
see right here. You can see the
see the different conversion rates here,
see the open rates are all 60 to 70%,
see the sender name is from a person.
see they do just over $100,000 a month
see this is like a sustainability
see this is like an FAQ email of what
seen these types of forms right now.
send SMS for high lever moments such as
send on the 23rd, 24th, 27th, 29th,
send segment. If we even went one
send three to four email campaigns per
sending emails on average four to seven
sending to and we're only sending to
service. So right here when we're asking
set live and then they're automatically
sexy graphic design is extremely
short, punchy, personal. It's coming
shortly. So, those are the email flows,
shouldn't be free. Thanks for watching.
showing how our products are different
showing you inside the account that is
simplicity of them just converts better
single thing that we're sending and
site. So somebody goes to the website
skimable and punchy. We create email
slip by and you are losing revenue just
so it's a little bit personal, some more
so we're going to send them to the spam
so, if you want us to do this for you,
social media and then educating on the
social media profiles. So the first
social proof and testimonials and then a
social proof right here. You can see
software which allows you to create
somebody bought a while ago. We can say
somebody doesn't use their discount,
somebody joins the email list. And the
somebody requests to be notified when an
somebody's email address? It seems
somebody, hey, what problem are you
someone buys. We want to have an
something as straightforward as, "Hey,
something is back in stock, that means
something needs to get pre-ordered or
sparingly, but still use them. You can
specific day and time. Whereas flows you
specifically for fashion brands because
staff's picks. And then lots of outfit
stand out. They're the only thing that's
start off with doing percent off for our
state. So what we do is we use a survey
step for the customer. You think you
still get this return, but get more out
still promote this and use that angle.
store revenue. So, let's take a look at
storytelling and value ad content just
strategy and list growth strategy that
strategy for our SMS is we only want to
such a high frequency. Then we have the
sunset flow, which the purpose is not to
super high unsubscribe rates on the
super quick. So, we need to make them
super specific. That makes it a lot more
suppress these unengaged profiles. So,
sustainable and good for the
sweet spot is usually four to five. But
talk about the SMS flows. SMS flows we
talk about the campaigns. So, the
team member, and they cut through all
tell Google and Yahoo that seven out of
test, test test. Our results were never
tested 21% versus 20%. For some reason,
tested dollar off. And dollar off was
text messages with over $500,000 a month
text, then there's no reason for them to
textbased email per week on top of that.
textbased emails, which I will show you,
texts per month to preserve our urgency
than other competitors in the clothing
that action. So, let's talk about the
that are going to fire for a customer
that browsed item. So, we have five
that for post purchase right after
that gets people to unsubscribe. People
that has an image, they paid three times
that it was in high demand, which tells
that it went out of stock, which means
that segmentation in place. And so, here
that these did multiple days in a row
that this form gets customers to convert
that we can convert these people with
that we need to follow like for
that we were achieving for them. Now
that we're confident in that we want
that we're optimized for our phone.
that you can judge yourself if you'd
that you would want to include all at
that you're sending to the list. Such as
that. So, ours look pretty different,
the SMS list, get their discount code,
the amount of people that they can then
the amount of people that you can market
the best sellers. And then the next
the checkout abandoned. We have more. We
the content strategy. Our messages need
the customer and give them the
the customer is much more likely to
the designs are really elevated because
the email list. So, we went with eight
the email side of things. You can see
the espresso shop flow. So, this is
the exact strategy and the exact numbers
the flow side of things. So, if I had to
the goal is to get the customer back on
the long term. It's that simple. Yet so
the noise, and they just feel way more
the pre-order and then the discount rate
the products are. Are you having a night
the results. We can see the revenue for
the site to browse products. And where
the total store revenue. And then SMS
the win back flow, but this is going to
the winner. And that's what we're
their browsing experience easier. Our
their discount and so they're much
their emails. They're just skimming them
their purchase, and build some
them emails and text messages and create
them out of their zombie-like scroll
them to purchase again. We've got four
them to stay subscribed. We have a
then SMS
then abandoned site right here. Somebody
then also mixing in some textbased
then convert them after we have their
then leaves, we want to have the dynamic
then sign it off from a person. You can
then the number of emails within each
then the pre-order collection email
then they don't buy. So, we have five
then they go to the checkout page to
then we're going to remind them twice
these KPIs are pretty solid and probably
these are the exact flows that we
these are three great examples of kind
these automated flows. So let's talk
these email flows. This video right
these past 30 days right here. See, we
these. And you can see this is very
they haven't bought since to try to get
they're coming from a friend and they
they're doing. To be safe, we like to
they're not going to remember any of our
they're performing. Those are the
thing we want to focus on is actually
this brand is pretty big on discount.
this email and SMS marketing strategy.
this espresso shot flow, which most
this information I'm giving away
this is the most like amount of copy
this, then they probably know what
thousands of dollars for this brand if
three SMS messages being like, "Hey,
three times per week would be. And then
three to four times per week and most
through the month. And we have the
through the performance here on that
times per week. And if these brands who
to $300,000 per month, which you can see
to all be under 250 characters, which is
to answer this question in order to get
to avoid annoying the customer. People
to avoid nurture content in our SMS like
to be able to use icons like this. But
to be as low as like 4% but all the way
to cart or make a purchase. And so, we
to do tips and tricks for whatever this
to get an immediate upsell and then also
to guide them into a purchase. Our
to have SMS for our big events. So that
to keep your email list engaged. And so
to send more than one text message. So
to send the big stuff. So, save the
to show in terms of like the results of
to test your different offers. So you
to the Instagram and saying like, "Hey,
to the customers. We design our emails
to the normal engaged lists for this
to. We need to be sending 12 to 18 email
today want to buy from people. They
topics and what we're doing, we could
total store revenue is up 70% in this
total store revenue right here. See,
traffic. They're going to your website.
transformed everything through
trends in the game right now are doing
trust and increase our long-term
trust and their objections have been
try to get an impulse purchase. And we
trying to solve? Then they know that
typical because people will sign up to
typical click rates that we can shoot
typical in terms of performance of each
typically 15 to 18 emails per month uh
uh, I've already started with the
under 5,000 email subscribers, then yes,
underlined. And also in the color blue.
unreasonable. If you're a brand who has
up form. The customer is bored of that
up our core SMS flows with one to three
up to kind of like 3% even. This is
urgency as possible while keeping things
urgency. We did a collection highlight
us to capture the folks that we paid so
using both graphic based emails, and
value, not offers. We want to build
versus 21% off. You can see the discount
versus something like $10 off. This
video is very special because you can go
views a product, but they don't add it
visual appeal. Like I said, the customer
visually appealing our customers and
volume and using non-disount angles,
want to be using bullet points. We want
want to get the customer to convert on
want to play into the seasons as much as
want to remove steps for the customer to
want to rotate between story, product,
want to see them in depth in each email
want to skip images and MMS. So, if you
want. And we're sending these usually
was just plain text. Now, a lot of
was the email and SMS campaign strategy.
was the worst on the month at 12 grand.
wasn't like a big announcement like hey
way to do that. They look exactly like
way up at the top of this email, which
we can only have one. So we can see we
we can. And we try to put as much
we did for this brand. So exactly why do
we do here is this is a high intent
we have a couple psychological reasons
we have created demand and urgency. If
we have our welcome flow. We're sending
we have three to six emails per flow. We
we really don't want to over send them.
we used. But we've absolutely
we want to do. We also want to pull a
we want to focus on signup forms? It's
we want to make sure our designs reflect
we weren't sending email campaigns at
we'll see if we can do this for you. The
we're currently doing around 150k a
we're educating them. This is going to
we're generating $500,000 a month for. I
we're going to get a lot of people who
we're going to know this information and
we're making our emails skimable,
we're mixing in personal touches. People
website right then and there. The other
website visitors into email subscribers.
week. If you think that's too much, just
welcome flow right here. That's pretty
welcome flows are right up here. We can
welcome. Here's your discount." And if
well for the brand. So things like,
well. And then also, typically, we're
what having a really good pop-up form
what problem I'm trying to solve. Say,
what we're sending three times per week
what you're going to go for. You can see
what's your vibe? So this was like, are
whatever you want." And that's kind of
when a customer does something like
when somebody adds to cart but they
when they first visit your site in 2025.
when we started working with this brand,
which is going to be after somebody
which was in October. We can see the
while, we send two back to back. You can
with them in October September. So let's
with things that are new or they haven't
with your clothes. These are our
with your signup forms and your list
women's. You can see this also is not
would be generating thousands and
you can make them the same. You can see
you going for a night out? Here are what
you have three emails right here in this
you not find what you were looking for?"
you say I sent you, you can get 10% off.
you see the click rates right here.
you'd see like bad content is 50% off,
you're going to send that to people at a
your discount." And that plays into it
your list growth because it's so easy
