 
"Ah, I already started. I might as well
"Hey, it's Michelle. I'm the founder. I
12.5% after just running this for a
20. Brand and community, you want to get
2024, just ask somebody for their email.
Because email has evolved a lot in the
For no extra ad spend, you get more
Here's another example for an actual
Holiday emails. So, use chat GBT to ask
I know what you're thinking. You
I'll pay full price. that works as well.
In this video, I'm going to be sharing
It's just yes, I want it or no thanks,
Let's jump into the strategies. The
Monday, Wednesday, Friday, three times
Now, an old form would just show
Plays into commitment bias, but it's a
Rather than overwhelming people with a
Selling people in sales, they don't
That's just the added bonus. and it
The pop-ups that convert double or
These work really, really well. You have
They read one email, they skip your next
They slap a boring box that says, "Sign
We mix that with unique copy and
What if we just answered one frequently
Whenever the customer sees this sort of
You can do how to use, so exactly how to
You'd think that's solid. And this is
a frequently asked question or an
a little bit of fun and get creative,
a recipe for non-discount emails that
abandoned cart or abandoned checkout
about festive foggess. They explain it a
about spending time creating high
actually engaging and they feel
actually feels like the founder reaching
actually place an order. And the numbers
actually work in your favor if you know
address in that first step. You just
address, they just see, oh, share what
address. And this triggers
address. It seems counterintuitive
addressing this objection upfront and
ads if you're spending a lot on ads to
again, like I said, the customer has
ahead of your competition, watch this
alone is that in 2025 and 2026, the
always need to do a quiz. You can do
amount of first-time buyers who turn to
and SMS revenue without you sending a
and asked if you had any questions about
and it goes over more of these
and it had demand. So by creating a
and send them emails to educate them and
and simple, promoting some trending
and then extending the discount for the
and then go into some social proof. This
and then leaves. Then also post purchase
and we'll potentially chat.
and weren't quite ready to buy off of
and why we use that. And in this one,
angles that you can use, but the main
another example. Splitting things by
another human. Because how would you
another sad club soda." So, you're
any sort of minuscule need for your
anymore. The customer has seen that a
anything that they liked. And so just
appealing your customers, and getting
are any product focus, you want to do
are even 100 non-discount emails that
are just sending these emails to their
are working incredibly well right now.
around the word value. So, what kind of
as well. A clean double. Now, you don't
asked questions in our emails? Keep it
asking a step before we ask for
asking somebody straight for their email
automated email flows are your automated
automatically going to get a lot more
back-end stock email, you already create
become actual advocates for the brand.
become advocates, they just become
before and after of implementing this
before that, we want to have some sort
best part is this can directly lower
best performing emails are these
bias in humans. Once you start doing
big flows, but these consistent
billion marketing emails on what works
book a call in the description with me
boom, that's the email. And then for
brand that comes to mind. They're going
brands that are ahead of the curve are
browsing, their thumb is already moving
build that trust until they purchase.
builds recognition. And most
burned out. Get that sweet spot of
but I hate to break it to you, but it's
but they didn't find any style or
button to close out of that pop-up form.
button which is much easier and has way
by instantized creatine. The creatine
campaign events. Now, a lot of brands
can also send this to people who bought
can do. If you want to focus on
can look at the numbers. Here was the
care of your email, there's a link to
change anything about the offer. All
chose that. Here's an example of one of
commit where you don't ask for the email
compare versus your competitors. The
competition before they catch up to you.
competition. Now, if you want to learn
competitors, and a founder or a member
completely overlook this and especially
completely wrong. Old pop-up forms of
consistently. The biggest mistake that I
content, it builds trust. Now, I know
continue to come back for. Similar to
continued engagement and preventing
conversion. And then over time, you're
convert off your content, and double the
convert. And if you have a prettyl
convert. Send those three times per
converting and engaging pop-up forms on
couple days after somebody has signed up
couple emails, they read another, they
customer based on an action they take in
customer before we ask for their email
customer loves personal sort of emails
customer. You just want to make sure
demand. We have trending products as
description and I'll run an audit of
desire and trust without needing
different non-discount emails that you
discount oriented three times per week
discount right here. Then ending with a
discount, 15% off, enter your email. But
discounts. When you consistently give
doesn't ask for the email and the person
doesn't know it's coming. What this does
dopamine delivering design, and you have
double down on just simplicity is the
double the opt-in rate of your signup
double the people who are going to be
e-commerce brand and want a team to take
e-commerce brands in this past year
educated, and double the people who
education, there are 20 right here for
email campaigns or the broad blast to
email coming from someone on the team
email to this? If the answer is no, test
email which automatically has built-in
email. All they have to do is click a
emails are just too focused on give me
emails that are going to find your
engage with this first step. To put that
entire email. All they're talking about
especially if it just tastes like
eventually it's full enough to where
every single email of theirs super
every single week. If you want me to
everything, branded headers,
exactly what's inside your product or
example of a brand founder reaching out
examples right here. If you want to have
examples would be like what's inside, so
explains the taste and then reminds the
faster. And the next strategy I want to
favorites are ones like this that just
favorites right here, and I'm going to
feature your discounts right here. If
feel if you were thinking about making a
feel like a conversation. And you'll
feel like a robot reaching out. It
finish." And so then they're entering
first step. So once somebody clicks what
first strategy is dead simple but
fit in if you can. Mix in some social
flow if somebody adds an item to cart
focus on one benefit of our product.
focusing all of them, they just talked
follow through. You've already started
for example, it talks about what we mean
for the customer and they're much more
form, then you would in turn double the
founder just reminding of the mission
four years of testing and sending over 1
free to steal any of these. But I want
frequently asked question. Don't focus
from you and need some education on the
from you. That's when you start making
get all those people who are skeptical
get data from the customer. And so,
get over 50% of people who actually
getting double the amount of people on
giving a discount and a link to purchase
glad you asked. Here are 29 of my
go through a few of them in a little bit
going over putting these emails into
going to drive repeat purchases from
going to make you a lot of money. Now,
going to print. And then of course, if
good and you probably have a little bit
good health so you really have that
good news, most of these changes
graphic heavy and they go crazy with
great. You definitely need those for a
growth. And this is only live for one
has a 4% conversion rate. We can get up
has that feature. And here's exactly
have a couple of examples right here
have a list for you right here. If there
have caught on to this and have started
have these cases for it." and then
having that personal sort of like feel
head, and then the next time they have
helpful for ongoing engagement, visually
highlight a couple really passionate
how to take advantage of them. This
how we overcome these products. Research
iPhone 16 just came out and we already
implementing these sort of emails into
important. And that is sending valuep
importantly, if you send the right
importantly, they are asking a question
in 2026 honestly might be the most
in writing like a friend. And then he
infographics, everything. And that's
information. And I promise you, putting
inputed into certain flows or big
insanely effective. And that is using
into context, typically a form like the
into psychology. Let's break it down.
is dealing with bloat. Mix these with
is getting rid of bloat. They give a
is it lowers the barrier to entry. The
is something that you want to be able to
is that one feature of the product so
is, "What does Breeze taste like? It
just banish festive foggess. Magic mind,
less cognitive load for the user. So, we
likely to actually internalize that and
link to our bests sellers. PS, the
list goes on and on. Myths versus facts,
lists. Here's the thing. If you could
little bit and then they explain the
little bit less personalized. When we do
looking design like this that's more
lot of your emails. These are incredibly
makes sense. Buying a drink you found on
million different benefits of our
million times, and everyone does that.
mobile and desktop right here. Compared
momentum and you don't want to stop. So
more about strategies that will keep you
more conversions? But this all plays
more detail, but if you want this, feel
more than likely pretty trash. I review
more trust and liking for the company,
more work for the customer convert for
most of the brands that we work with,
nice and simple. And this is the stuff
noticed you browsing our site and I know
number one driver of their revenue. More
objection from the customers. And you
of like discount, then you're also
of popup like this where instead of
of quiz. And you could see the
of them, it becomes much more digestible
of these into your welcome flow and I
of which being the one benefit email,
of your automated email flows. Now, your
on a million frequently asked questions.
on the team you're considering
one of your emails, looking forward to
one that I showed you on the right only
or getting a micro commit from the
out to the customer. Keep it nice and
over 10 7 to9 figure e-commerce brands
packed email campaigns that are not
past 12 months from how brands handle
people are ready to convert and then
people close to your brand, 20 more
people forget who you are and not every
people opting in just cuz it's more
people to wait for a discount in order
people understand like exactly how to
people who are there for quick buck. For
per week. This just builds rhythm. It
performance before a 4.7% conversion
performer. Great execution. And then we
person doesn't have to type out their
person is thinking in their head like,
personal feel." Address the abandonment
personal style emails, but most of them
personal textbased emails strategically
personal touch, much love, and ending
personalization inside of our emails in
personalized to the customer. Not only
personally reached out to you over email
personally reaching out with a super
plain text support style emails inside
point. There are a lot of different
pop-up forms that are like this with
popup exciting? Would I want to give my
popup on their phone while they're
potentially just enough trust to
probably going to get customized
probably have a pop-up form installed,
problem I'm trying to solve. I'm
problem you're trying to solve, we also
product focus emails, here are 20
product, if we just double down on one
product, you're going to be the first
product. But it's also going to help
product. Rather than focusing on one of
productivity benefits, but instead of
products. We have my favorite, the
promise that is going to be the highest
proof and also point out that you have
psychologically what's called commitment
purchase, maybe it's a big decision,
purchased. We look at this example. It
purchasing. We have a back-end stock
question." They answer the question and
questions if you have any. It's just
quick and punchy message being like,
quick copy, prettyl looking designs, and
quiz popup inside of Clavio. We did not
rate. And if you don't believe me, you
rate. Then after the quiz mobile popup,
read another, then eventually they trust
release dopamine in their head, and they
repeat buyers, and so on and so on. The
review yours, just go to the link in the
reviews and testimonials email. My
right here. This is perfect. insert one
right there. Simple and effective.
sale, sale, sale. We don't want to train
sales without needing discounts. When
say about specific parts of our product?
say, "Hey, do you want this discount?"
saying, "Hey, I hope you're keeping in
says, "The most common question I get
see most brands make is they're sending
seen this way too many times. Instead,
segmentation and automation all the way
sending? Cuz we don't want to send just
sign up form conversion rate, you can
signs up." That's not compelling
simple for the customer to understand.
simple. Don't try to do an essay of
single day because people will get
single email or SMS. And most brands
size of your email and SMS lists. And
so this whole email, all it talks about
social proof based stuff, you have these
solutions for this and I get a discount.
somebody hasn't purchased in a while or
somebody signed up to the email list and
somebody's email. You think how does
something like this called the micro
something like this, like you have this
something new. Add a first step. Make it
something, you're much more likely to
sort of stuff. Most brands try to make
speak for themselves. Consistently, our
spend, if you could double your email
start making sales without discount.
stat, they give a couple of
stock, that means it went out of stock
straight to an email address. And then
strategies in depth. If you're an
strategies you can use to stay ahead of
study highlights. So, what does research
super personal and this sort of thing is
support members ready to answer
talk about for what is working in 2025
testimonials and maybe even just one.
testimonials, and all these talk about
testing on over 100 7 to9 figure
than just like a ugly templatized sort
than their automations, more than their
that are tied to your brand. And there
that converts. A couple more in-depth
that evolution is only accelerating. The
that feel like they're coming from
that means double the people to nurture,
that these emails have life. They don't
that things can be difficult. Here's a
that we did was we introduced this sort
that you can implement. First is going
that you can learn something about that
that, they have a cool design, but most
that, we have the one feature email,
the advanced strategies that I'm about
the benefits, we want to focus on one of
the best. And that is send emails three
the curve and outperform your
the customer journey, such as the
the day. You'll be in the back of their
the email list. And even desktop at 9.2%
the email short, snappy, and super
the founder, which is going to overcome
the future. This is what gets people to
the internet is a little risky,
the parts of our product and why we
the products. They use Tammanu oil. And
the sale right now and they skip that
the wrong type of content. I'll save you
their automations. Here are my favorites
their email address at a much higher
their email lists. However, the smart
their emails to make conversions, and
their problem is, then this exact sign
them and drive up your LTV as well. Now,
them, and thinking about you throughout
theme that you notice in these is that
then buy from us. So, for this one, it's
then here are 20 more. You get the
then it asks for the email and the
these into your email automations are
these value based emails become the
they just haven't bought yet, feel free
they're going to go make a purchase from
this brand, seed, this is the whole
this discount. Let me just answer this
this next strategy can double your email
this person is thinking, "Oh, I have
this product has all sorts of different
three steps for using their product and
times per week. Not once per week where
tips, strategies, and techniques that
to 50% of people interacting with that
to be a textbased email like this from
to highlight some of my favorites. One
to how they're writing and designing
to look up your website on Google and
to purchase. We're trying to build
to send something like this from the
to send these sort of textbased and
to show you. And this strategy is all
to somebody who was browsing the website
to the email list, but they haven't
to the prior version right here, 4.6 6%.
to the top right corner to find that X
too little content or they're sending
triple what those old forms do are
trust factor rather than slowly building
unsubscribes. However, what we found on
up for 10% off and hope that somebody
up that trust piggy bank where
up will show up asking for the email
urgency because if something is back in
us versus them. So, showing how you
use their product if they do end up
use your product. This is great cuz you
value emails actually work? Well, I'm
value in your emails that are
value-based emails. I keep throwing
video will give you the most up-to-date
video. It should honestly not be free,
visually engaging. Just go to your
want to place this into your email
watch your list and revenue grow much
we get 11% over a double in their list
we implement our mobile quiz pop-up and
we're able to leverage that
we're not using any discounts. We keep
website today and ask yourself, is this
week, and you are ahead of 99% of your
week. If you don't believe that, here is
week. Imagine over a year if we're
welcome flow if somebody signs up to
welcome flow. Ideally, email around 3, a
well, just because people like to move
well-designed and well-written, people
what that feature means and how it
what they were doing before, just doing
what you're thinking. What are we
what's inside one of your welcome kits.
what's wrong in the industry versus like
which as it sounds, we just want to
which is going to be one feature of your
will actually look forward to hearing
will not unsubscribe, and you will
with the masses. Keep your emails nice
with the name and a little bit of life
with you the latest email marketing
works. Another one that we want to
you enough to buy at full price. Sale
you get people opening up every single
you if there are any holidays coming up
you're doing any discounts, then you can
you're thinking between different
you've got emails that people will
you've got this discount, share what
you. If you want to do customer and
you. That is our goal. That's when you
your abandonment flows. So here's one
your account. And most of them have it
your cost per acquisition off of your
your email list or the abandoned cart
your order. You probably feel pretty
your website just after seeing one ad
your website to grow your email and SMS
your website. Because for no extra ad
