 
 about your domain. They
$200 million in email marketing revenue,
$500,000 per month for this brand, watch
0.1%,
0.26% and that's pretty much nobody. So
0.3%. It doesn't really affect
0.5% or above. And that's really all you
2,000 people. We opened it up a little
20 to 30% spam rate, then you've got a
2026. But deliverability is only one
20th and June 30th. You can see how
2500 and then 5,000. And then we want to
2nd, 4th, 6th, 7th, 10th. We have to
30.9% of our emails are landing in the
30.9%.
40% opens, 23% opens. But hey, we don't
40% spam right here with 55% inbox. Then
62.7% for one of them and 56.2% and 2%
90 days and just send emails to these
After auditing hundreds of different
Amazon versus like G Suite. So the
And once you've warmed up your account,
And so if there are any like big issues,
And so, that's really it. Usually, for
And while they may not move you straight
And you can see then as we were getting
Apple, Outlook, and all the others are
Because email providers like Google,
Because even the best emails in the
CNAME and TXT records, but Omnisign and
Clavio and these inbox providers will
Clavio. So what we did was we took
Clavio. You can see with this big yellow
Demar by going into Glock apps again,
Do people like receiving your emails and
Engagement is becoming clear in a way
Essentially, it's giving like a ton of
Essentially, it's just yes or no. Do you
Glock apps.com. I'm not affiliated with
Gmail and you're looking at a domain
Gmail sees our consistency. They see
Gmail unsubscribe rates. This is me
Gmail, we have Yahoo, then Hotmail. We
Google's way of kind of filtering out
Have your automations live. Have them
However, a lot of brands don't even know
I can tell you that this is the one
I like to have them at .001% or below.
I like to have unsubscribe rates below
I like to look at to fix this. First,
I like to use. It is called Glock Apps.
If I could sum up how to fix your
It's rarely the issue when I'm analyzing
Mailchimp, we took just small groups of
Maybe your engagement dropped over a
Obviously, the more the better. For
Okay, cool. Now we're going to expand
Probably not. So, it's probably going to
So right there, that's showing that
So, we did a test on a couple of
Suite. And essentially a crap ton of
Super duper easy. And then you need
That's going to show people who are
The thing that's super helpful here is
Then we send it to 2,000. We go back
You can see the tabs, which is going to
You're really going to get some issues
a brand that has a inbox placement
a brand who was transferring from
a full spam test, test this out, and
a good amount, but it's definitely going
a simple welcome email and then like an
a ton of different information in terms
a,000 people in both of these right
abandoned cart email. So that was slowly
able to see right here exactly where
about like 4,000 5,000 people who are
above. So, if you have any issues like
accounts, domains, like I can't even
actual like Gmail sort of emails uh
added. And so if you want to unsubscribe
adjust our email strategies for. But
again. And I've warmed so many different
all of them. So that's where you have to
all three of these. Starting with the
ambitious. we're getting good engagement
amount of people we were sending to to
and SMS strategy that we use to generate
and click rates as you're ramping up,
and clicking your emails. So, make sure
and contributing to their customers
and give them dopamine. And of course,
and inconsistently looks spammy to inbox
and starting to slowly send to more
and then boom, that person is
and then you're just going to want to do
and they're going to continue opening
and thousands of people that you've been
and when. because blasting out emails to
and you can go to Demar Analyzer right
and you can see how engaged they were.
and you should be all good to go. And to
annoyed and then they're going to
another platform, Mailchimp, into
anything clearly wrong that Glock Apps
anything isn't like big red and super
anything too much to be concerned of. I
are actively opening and engaging with
are engaging. We keep sending. We lower
are including in your subject lines in
are kind of like on par, but what really
are. And we can see right here the
as well. Maybe you've noticed, but
at 0.4. 47% when the next closest one is
automatically add this to your domain.
automatically detected this. And so it's
awesome looking design on your emails
bar up at the top, some inbox providers
be a promotion and so they're going to
be able to make any money from your
be an issue of landing in the spam
be is as high up in the inbox as
be much more likely to send your emails
be patient. Just trust the process. Even
be promotions tab or any of the other
be quite honest, it's pretty rare to
because how Gmail looks at it is would a
because then they're going to get
before they really start landing you in
before we talk about how to get out of
better content, and monitor your inbox
better open rates, click rates, less
bit with a slightly different list. You
blast to 50,000 people. But let's take a
block lists that we're on right here
brand in the past. All they had was like
brand. So this brand had like 50,000
brands or new sending domains and you
build up a reputation. That's when
call your domain credit score. Think of
campaign with a ton of spam trigger
campaign. You can see the performance on
campaigns before. And these profiles
campaigns here. And if you go into this
campaigns that we can. But now we're
campaigns. And let's look here. So you
can click for a little bit more
can generate. And Gmail is automatically
can just kind of feel it out. And really
can know if you are landing in the spam
can see 0.3% compared to today where
can see clear and away Gmail is the
can see how often we're sending July
can see right here, okay, we go down to
caps or free trial are going to increase
catch them before it's too late. So I'm
catch them. So this is the platform that
checker and then we will send an email
click rate campaigns. And so we made
click rate. And you can see with our
click rates are absolutely critical, as
click rates, I like to be at at least
comes to inbox placement, specifically
complaint rates. These are the holy
concerned about that in terms of landing
conservative with how often we're
consider. And then spam complaint rates,
consistent. Try to send at least two
constantly changing their rules when it
content, good copy, and design. So, make
content. And I have plenty of YouTube
copy. It is your email deliverability,
could literally just do open demast once
couple of other things that could be
customer experience. So, they want to
days or somebody what somebody has done
days. If someone's opened an email in
deliverability in just 10 seconds, it is
deliverability tool to use. And
deliverability, but it's something to
deliverability. So you don't need to be
demark to our domain is something that
depending on where your demographics
different emails and you send an email
different inbox providers. So, we have
different providers as well and where
different situation? Let's say your
directly inside of Clavio if you are
do is sign up, follow their
do they engage with them? If people
do what someone has done has been active
doesn't want their users to receive your
domain and a new blast to do that. But
domain that has never sent an email just
domain. You have to go into your
dormant for a bit, then you run the risk
double in the open rate right here. We
down again. But slowly, we're just going
e-commerce brands and generating over
easy unsubscribe button that Gmail has
email addresses on Mailchimp. So we took
email campaigns per week. If you go
email deliverability. And that's exactly
email list because you're just landing
email platform, it'll tell you like
email that my team put together. Send
email to 100,000 people. Again, that
email, then they're going to be added to
email. And again, right here up at the
emails and help our sender reputation.
emails every single day, we could ramp
emails or see them as spam. Now, these
emails that could be coming from brands
emails that you're sending. So, open
emails, so they send you to spam. And
engage with your emails, great. They'll
engaged segment of anybody who had
engagement metrics thing. But it's super
engagement metrics. Over 60% opens,
engaging with our emails, then they're
especially with since we're sending
essentially prove that your emails are
essentially, they have this free spam
even open the email, click unsubscribe,
events like Black Friday or a big
every time we expand the list, we get a
exactly you're landing. All you have to
expand a send to your whole list to try
experience. And focusing on those three
extra button to go to this tab. It's not
factors is what gives you a trustworthy
feeling good. We have a decently warmed
filtering brands and emails directly to
fine one week and then tank the next and
firing. Those are emails that will get
first two campaigns that we sent. June
folder and if you are, how to get out of
folder. That's why in this video, I'm
for brands. the strategies you were
for the other. And then once you click
friend ever send to another friend sale?
from a brand, you could literally not
from our domain and Glock apps is going
generating multi6 figures every single
generating you a ton of money. So,
get a little bit more ambitious with how
get as many 40 to 50% open rate
get good engagement metrics on these
getting 11 grand, 16 grand, 7 grand. Now
getting 14,000 to 15,000 opens for each
getting 43% opens. You can see some of
getting 60% opens on multiple sends in a
getting at least 50% opens. Because if
getting good engagement metrics,
getting really bad inbox placement, say
getting these numbers. So sometimes you
getting uh spam right here. And so you
go to here. So, in summary, there's a
goal is to go from promotions to the
going to be showing you exactly how you
going to be the majority of the emails,
going to build up your reputation. And
going to continue engaging with our
going to have to cut it down and for at
going to like that or trust that or
going to walk you through exactly how to
good content that's fun and people will
good deliverability, you're not going to
good engagement. your welcome flow and
grail because they are directly telling
has placed an order at least once in the
has pointed out to you, then there are a
hasn't sent an email in 6 months, or
have any technical issues with domains.
have been sending emails, but you're
have fun with it. Things like this comic
have it? If you don't have it, add it.
have to be careful with what words you
have to worry about. For other metrics,
have with them. So, make sure that
have. And this is one specifically where
have. And you can check if you have
haven't seen any of these be a long-term
haven't sent an email and you need to
having any issues with the technical
help you set this up inside your DNS.
help, but don't spam them with offers
helpful here to be able to see how often
here inside of Omnis, which is an email
here, and you can enter your domain and
here. And now I'm unsubscribed. So
here. And then now, okay, we've started
here. And then they have support that
here. And what we did is we created this
hey, look at that. $974 and a very high
how to fix your email deliverability in
huge change that you might have noticed
hundreds of thousands of people and
hundreds of thousands of people randomly
if people receive emails that they like,
if they're in spam and they don't even
if you start getting to 0.05% 05% or
if you want depending on your open
if you want to learn the complete email
if you're not getting amazing open rates
imagine your Gmail looking at a domain
in Gmail. There used to just be the
in spam and no one's going to see you.
in the past 14 days and that's who we
in the past 90 days. And then for big
in the spam folder, but it's something
in the spam in the first place. Because
in two scenarios. Number one, if you
inbox and landing in the spam folder,
inbox and then the spam folder, but now
inbox providers if people enjoy your
inbox providers. And so you can do this
inbox, but somebody has to click an
inbox. And I want to touch on one more
include this as well if you're in a good
increase in the unsubscribe rate. What
increasing the volume until eventually
information and it'll have a ton of
information for you to help out. And
instead of banks trusting you with
instructions. All you have to do is go
interacting with this brand." This can
interested in your brand and have
interprets this as, "Oh, this person is
into Gmail and you can do this on your
into the primary inbox. First, we have
into the promotions tab. So, you really
into the spam folder, they absolutely
is by going through a warming period. A
is honestly for an engagement list you
is in most inboxes, but primarily it's
is wrong. When in reality, it could just
is your engagement optimization. Getting
is. You need to add something super
issue for us, but you can see any issues
issues, the number one way to fix this
it down to,000 people. We get 78% opens.
it like a financial credit score, except
it to the whole list. But we want to
it'll go up. Here's another example
it's 0.47%. That's more than a 50%
it's not your design, and it's not your
it's time to start fixing it or
it. Before we get into deliverability,
just highly engaged people and try to
just send an email blast to your whole
just stick with it and slowly over time
just to test your domain. And if you're
know how to check if they are because
land in the main inbox or they land in
land there. And third, engagement
landing majority in the spam folder,
least a few weeks send to a small list
least like 60 to 80%. No matter what,
let's go now to this next month right
let's take a look at this example in
like a good signal for you is if you're
like receiving your emails, then Gmail
like they have opened an email at least
list. No, we need to use strong
list. Now we're sending to over 10,000
lists and you might want to consider
little bit more just from this. And then
little bit of push back. But then we
little people we sent to. we sent to
location, where your location is, and
look at our prior campaigns and our
look at what we did. So here are the
looking at August of last year and you
looking at the spam filters. You can see
looks like on the inside. So, here's
looks spammy. They want to protect their
main inbox. The second major shift I'm
major shifts that I'm seeing in 2026.
make sure that consistently we're
make sure that you're a reputable sender
make sure we're sending to people who
make sure you do so that you can nail
make the adjustments as you need. But if
many emails are we sending to these
many people we're sending to. And then
marketing. Then we want to add something
may block your emails and new sender
maybe it's sent like one or two emails,
memes in your emails like this. This is
metrics matter more than ever.
money, it's with inbox providers
month for them. Now I can fast forward
monthly sale, sure, go ahead and blast
most brands, it's Demar that they don't
most. You see open rates, click rates
move you from promotions into the main
new people for this brand and we were
new promotions tab, and if you land in
next scent, we actually had over a
not monitoring these changes, you might
now we kind of have an engaged list of
now we're getting 27% opens to a larger
now we're sending to 3,000 people. And
of Gmail losing the credibility that you
of like what you can do in action items.
of who we were sending to. And this was
off sending to 1,000 people and now
often you're sending and at what scale
on site at least once in the past 90
once results dip in their account,
once. We typically our standard is 90
one that we sent out, we only got 30%
onto any of these campaigns, you will be
onto the scene and send to 200,000
open now, buy now, things like that,
opened an email in the past 30 days.
opened email at least once in the past
opening our emails. So now we started
opens the email, they can open the
opens. It's pretty standard for a new
option to house all of your data and
or are promotions of any type. The
our emails. And so for all of your
out that is causing this to happen. So,
over time. So if you're anything above
own, what you can see is you have this
panic. We stick to the process. We
past 90 days. You could even extend this
people and we took the most engaged
people and we're getting 65% opens.
people cuz you don't just want to come
people just randomly. It's a new domain
people randomly. You think that Gmail is
people to 20,000 people. And then boom,
people who have opened multiple emails
people. And then once a month, you can
people. No, we want to start by sending
performance. And what you'll see is how
period of weeks. Or maybe Gmail decided
period. Stop sending to the thousands
place with deliverability. You can also
placement with Glock apps. That is what
placement. Good open rates and good
possible. You can see the IP reputation
potentially a little bit of spam, and
preventing any issues that could get you
preventing us from landing in the main
price. They have a lot of different
problem. Ideally, where we want to be is
problem. Next, we want to talk about our
profiles, but they hadn't sent any
promotions tab is next to the main
promotions tab. And essentially, this is
promotions, and you'll be in promotions
providers. And then lastly, you have
randomly sends an email blast to 100,000
rates, as long as you are not below
rates, just shoot for above 50%, click
rates, reply rates, and then your spam
rates. And so we kept increasing the
rates. But typically what we like to do
rates. This is literally like all that
reach the people that you're sending to.
real issue. And as long as there isn't
really don't have an impact on
recently engaged with an email, proving
records, whatever your domain provider
reports on where the emails are landing.
reports tab, you can tell us that we
requirements. This needs attention. And
revenue and getting your email platform
revenue is going to take a hit in the
rewarding them every now and again with
right here inside of Claio and it'll
right here that were bought from G
right here. Cuz say you send an email to
right here. You can see the different
right inside here. So, there's a video
row, then it's time to expand your list.
sales and exclusive offers. It does
scary, then it's probably just an email
scene and sends an email to 250,000
score. Now, here's what you're going to
secure and trusted domain. You're not
see what your Demark is, if it's set.
seeing is trigger words are a lot more
segment of someone can receive email
segmentation and only send to people who
send better emails. seems so stupid, but
send multiple times per week so that
send volume consistency and warming. So,
send you to the main inbox. people don't
send your emails for a really good
send. And essentially, you get a score
sending and really trying to send to
sending and slowly opening up your list
sending emails to? Never, never, never
sending emails, but we couldn't just
sending patterns, which just means how
sending spam. Second, you have your
sending to to all your sends. you're
sending to your engaged list, create
sending tool that I use, it's a great
sends, you want to make sure you're
sensitive. Using words like sale in all
sent from your domain and that you're
sent to the first thousand people. And
setup of your domain. like this one for
setup. This is your demark, your CNA,
short term, but in the long term, you're
should change how you approach landing
signal are also your email replies. When
single month. And then you can track how
slightly adjust our segmentation and
slowing down your send volume. So, start
small emails so that with every send
small part of getting email marketing
small with how many emails that you're
small. And this is literally just all
smarter promotions tab filtering. This
so you can see that we've done two of
someone replies to an email, Google
something I'm seeing as a huge positive
sort of deliverability issues or spam
sort of stuff here where it looks like a
spam complaint rates. There really two
spam folder. So we got a bit of a spam
spam, we need to know if we're landing
stands out are these unsubscribe rates
start opening things up right up here to
start to build it back up again. And
started to land in the inbox just a
stay subscribed. and make sure you're
straightforward process. And I'll walk
stuff right here. It's going to give you
super easy to set up demark for your
super fun. Have like funny like Windows
sure to tighten things up and be
sure you check those out. But the second
tabs at 11%. Then the spam rate at
take into account. But unsubscribes
technical setup. Now, depending on your
tell you. And it's a really
that they will open emails if you send
that visually engage with the customer
that was just bought and now it sends an
that we need to pay attention to and
that's another big shift that we need to
that's okay. Really, where we'd like to
that's sending emails and you see a new
that's sending emails. And this domain
that, start using more tight engaged
the Google spam filter right here. We're
the US popular right here, which is
the absolute end of the world to be in
the different types of domains and where
the hell did they do? Well, if you go
the last 90 days or you can optionally
the list a little bit. Now we send it to
the main inbox. And so if you have any
the most. It's not your subject lines,
the number one factor towards your inbox
the performance on these campaigns
the point where the next month,
the process as well. And slowly, we
the promotions tab over the main inbox,
the requirements right here. But adding
the segment and start receiving the next
the spam folder. And if you don't have
them in any way. It's just my favorite
them. And so this first email, the first
then I will show you exactly what it
then all of a sudden comes back onto the
then it'll go even further in your
then the second scenario is for new
then you can absolutely do a warming
then you can go in and kind of just like
then you're screwed. Maybe you sent a
there's a new section called the
there. Now there are three factors that
these inbox providers are looking for.
these open rates, we just got super
they have ever been before. And there
they're just assuming that the strategy
they're not going to report you as spam
thing is your segmentation. Who are you
thing that people ignore and overlook
things up to then we were sending to
things you can do if you want to improve
think that it's not spammy? No. They
this is where we're going to be able to
this video and I will see you
three factors make up what I like to
through an example with you. Okay, so
to 500 people and then a,000 and then
to boost up your reputation. Your
to do anything serious for any of these.
to do is do one Glock apps test every
to get a reputation. We're starting to
to get those people into the engage list
to impact the amount of revenue that you
to tell us where we're landing.
to the inbox insights product up here
to them and then it'll report back where
to today and let's look at these
top is this unsubscribe button right
trusting you with landing into the inbox
under 5%. We want to be inbox at at
unsubscribe rates are higher now than
unsubscribe. So, first, send better
unsubscribed. And then once somebody
up account and we're happy with where we
up and down with each send. And mind
use this segment. Just someone has
useless in 2026. So now there are three
using a year ago might be completely
using some sort of engaged list. So what
videos showing you how to create better
view that as spammy. Or what about a
views that other email platforms don't
vintage like Windows computer. Have
warming period is essentially starting
warming period that we did for this
was a specific update that Gmail rolled
we can go into our next campaign. So we
we do here again, we send to a,000
we have our reputation built up with our
we have some of these lower open rate in
we need to do. And Claio has
we need to talk about what's changed
we only send to people who are actively
we see this huge huge huge spike in
we want to do is we want to create a
we're building up a reputation. So what
we're building up our reputation,
we're getting 47% 50% opens. And then
we're having some issues. You can see
we're looking at email domain
we're sending to 10,000 people and
we're still not in a great spot because
well as reducing your spam complaint
were people who had bought from their
were sending to a,000 people for those
were. We just engaged at least 10,000
what it looks like on the inside, and
where we were quite ambitious in terms
which just means whether your emails
which we'll get into. So now you know if
will help you, but I haven't really had
with email deliverability in 2026.
with the percentage. Uh, you can see
with these different IPs. It's not
words. It got a ton of spam complaints.
world do not work if most of them never
you are landing in spam, which means
you can see the different locations
you can see these people recognized us
you create actually good content. Use
you did a Glock apps test and you're
you have to do to be on top of your
you have to paste into your provider
you just want to focus on consistency.
you're always doing sale, sale, sale,
you're doing that. The third factor here
you're generally going to be fine.
you're going to be much more likely to
you're going to get some tabs and
you're going to have a warming situation
you're going to have your technical
you're going to make less money. So, the
you're landing in spam. And what I like
you're landing in spam. So you can see
you're landing. You can see 51% inbox.
you, we're getting a lot of revenue in
your abandonment flows and just be
your deliverability could be completely
your email engagement, open rates, click
your engagement rates. The first thing,
your preview text specifically. If
your promotions and spam tab placement
your spam placement rate is affected
your txt stuff, all the technical
your whole list. If somebody opens that
