 
20 non-discount campaigns. Just spit out
70 plus nutritions and one gum needs
828% 60% of total store revenue
A founder point of view right here. So,
All winning emails follow this sort of
Amazing. Mornings made smarter. Social
Amazing. Should reflect the brand as
Amazing. Some great education there. The
And then this will just give you access
And then we have July customer
Artificial sweeteners and fillers. Yes.
Ask us anything. Not another fad here.
Athletic Greens, the green powder, and
Awesome. Green powders walked so this
Banger. Now, let's go to this last,
Behind the scenes. I love this behind
Boom. Awesome graphic. And then a call
Boom. Shop the upgrade. Now, let's look
Copy this and then we're going to apply
Copy this. Insert. And then boom. 50
Each variation must include the
Feeling different in 7 days. Here's what
Green powders are gritty. Pills are hard
Greens Daily Gummy. And then it just has
Guns versus Powder/Pills, a graphic, a
I can do here, all I have is this. Use
I recommend two to four email campaign
Let's do a visual. do a sideby-side of
Look at those awesome headlines. We'll
Love the personal touch here coming from
Now, let's do email ideas and then also
Output should be bulleted list. Uh each
Side-by-side breakdown. Top three myths
So first we're going to go with writing
So we started using AIdriven email
So, myth verse facts. Some education.
So, traveling. I bet it's really easy to
Subject line, your daily greens are
Summer recharge sale now 10% off last
Super helpful. And yeah, these are my
Tastes like grass. Prep time and cleanup
That's all we need. And that gives you a
The gummy that humbled your green juice.
This looks great. So the headlines, we
UGC sort of thing. Um, then July 8th
Urgency and excitement. Only 10 seconds
We got you. Parent tested. So, talking
What's the email you want written? So,
Where we actually work. And then awesome
You're busy. Your nutrition should be
Your mission is to write punchy direct
Your routine is just broken. What
a day. Can you commit? This is great.
a first CTA make the switch. We kept the
a really cool headline. Uh let's look at
a super important line while aligned
about email marketing, give me an email
about multivitamins. Your daily stack
actually have a custom GPT here, which
all. Like it. Greens but better. That's
already has all this information. Let's
amazing that is. That's an awesome uh
and optimized for mobile inboxes. That's
and then important notes. So just to
are going to have the sale right here.
are short. Copy must be short, skipable
are we. This is just another trendy
as well um is we could do something like
asked Chatbt to fill out these questions
at some body copy right here. You're not
bear that you eat. Um, so this is what
best prompts that have taken a lot of
better, too. I love that. Boom. And then
bit of a prompt for the bridge section.
bold, no fluff, uh, attention grabbing,
boom. So looks like it's going to
boost energy without caffeine. Love
brain fog. Uh, goal address a common
brand in March and since then store
brand we're going to write for, we're
brand website. Give an overview, two to
brand. They should be creative and
brands screw it up. Lots of good stuff
breakdown of all 70 plus ingredients
bridge section. So, it gives us a little
brief for the email. Um, so here's what
bunch of different stuff. Perfect.
caffeine. And so, even though this store
caffeine. This is how we boost without
calendar. Perfect. Let us see this. All
calendar?" And then boom, you are all
campaign ideas, create me an email
campaign ideas, we can do this. And then
can see the different variations. Here
categorize it based on some different
chat GBT and just making sure you prompt
chat. Enter the brand context and then
chose a gummy over capsule or powder. I
clearing up objections. Great. Uh,
community building. A founders note.
competition. Forget the blender. This
competition. That's a great one as well.
competitor. Um, they compete versus
context on what we're doing. So we say
copy the rest of this prompt. And then
copy, bridge section, product section.
could do and send to our list. And then
could have it write the copy and it
create for this. How greens boost energy
customer pain points. Designed to build
daily nutrition. It made it taste
day. So we have some urgency. Amazing.
demand a full kitchen. Greens gives you
described. And so everything is right
design for mobile first consumption,
different angles and ideas that we can
different prompts and these are the best
digestion, and trust building. Travel
direct response principles with some of
do is it'll give you some options for
do this. I'm going to create a new chat.
doctors are saying, good social proof.
don't even start. It's friendly. Boom.
easy. Amazing. Now, let's look at this
educational content led. How to actually
email campaign calendar. July campaign
email copy. So I've tested all sorts of
email ideas, this is the prompt that I
email you're writing about. Give the
emails should I send? Is it good to do
end of month momentum. And then
essentially it is an Athletic Greens
essentially it's just like a daily gummy
every time. Cool. Lab tested in real
everything else on my channel. Lots of
everything really fast for you. I'll
example for you. Um, customer insights,
explaining each category's benefits.
find. and it's been optimized and it's
fivestar review with quote, I threw out
fixed daily nutrition. Old schools got
flavor helps build habits and why most
following field. So we have everything
food source sometimes. Every batched.
for Grun. So, I'm going to copy and
for brand. Then of course we also need
for nothing. Objection handling. I eat
full calendar mapped out? Everything
fun piece of coffee. Why choose powder
going to copy this right down here and
going to do it for Grunes. I think
got everything in table format. Here is
graphic. And so if we wanted it to give
great starting point for everything. I
greens taste like grass clippings and
gummy changes the game. And we fixed
gummy could have run. Look at how
gummy. Uh, what if I forget to take it?
hack. Stay regular on the go. Rear
has all this context and everything put
has one product, look at how many
have a few of the key prompts that we
have this doc in the description so that
having right three short and punchy. You
headline, first call to action, body
healthy already. Here's why you still
help helpful stuff here. Why taste
here we are getting the copy right here.
here. And you have a couple different
here. Customer Q&amp;A. Boom. Amazing.
here. Let's click enter. Let's take a
here. So there's writing copy. That's
how it is coming in. All righty. So we
how it writes high converting copy that
in the next one.
in. So, hope that was helpful. See you
ingredients. Ditched everything else.
inside of chat GPT going to go over to
inside the gummy. Awesome. Midmon
is on brand for your brand the exact
is the first variation right here.
it also shows like how you're different.
it correctly and I'm going to show you
it. Runes versus green powder. Great
it. So, give me 50 non-discount email
just got smarter. How it replaces a
layout, some of them even shorter. Um,
lifestyle. Focus on this one from
like a little bit of information right
like to use. So, I'm going to do this.
like. Let's go right here. Boom.
look at the output that we get. Okay, we
look at these different subject lines.
lying to you. Ooh, interesting. Powder
main menu right here, uh, what this will
marketing campaign calendar, yada yada
marketing campaign ideas for my ecom
marketing campaign, give me email
marketing questions like, "How many
marketing strategies for this e-commerce
matters more than you think. Explain how
motivation. Simplicity. You're not lazy.
my $60 green powder. Awesome. A visual
my email, whatever you want. If you need
need there for writing copy. And then
need this. Not a pill person. Neither
new chat and right here in this dock I
non-discount email campaigns that we
not just take a multivitamin? The gummy
nutrition. Old school nutritions got
objections, or use cases. And then the
options that you could do. Um, so boom,
over an example with you in this video.
over that. So going to go over here
pack so much in one gummy. How greens
paste this. I'm going to start a new
performance. What fuels your brain?
primarily using AIdriven strategies just
prompts that I have found for creating
prompts you should use and everything
proof. All sorts of different stuff.
punch. You want to make sure that these
read a supplement label can have some
reiterate some stuff, imagebased layout,
response friendly email marketing copy
revenue is up 40% and email revenue up
review. I didn't believe it till I tried
right here. And then boom, do you want a
right here. If you want this, just go to
right here. If you're like, "Hey, I want
right. Week one, July 1st through 7. So,
same kind of brand info right here.
science behind the simplicity. How we
seasonal issue. Mental fatigue and
seasons. So, a lot of this prompt is
section that you gave me. And then we
see I'm using this again email campaign
sends for each week. And then tying into
set. Sale window the 15th to the 21st is
sluggish to sharp. Two weeks on goons.
small. So, we love that. Busy morning.
something in chat GPT for some reason
specific features, benefits, FAQs,
specific to the brand, product, and
specifically towards like parent. Um,
spills overpriced routines. We beat them
stage. So my favorite part here is
start a new chat here. I'm going to put
strategy. So, if you just want a ton of
stuff. What's inside our gummy? Visual
summer heat. Position us as the fix. Why
summer. We always like to tie into
tailored for e-commerce brands. This
take a look at the product section here,
talking about the seasons. Uh, so summer
that actually tastes good. Amazing.
that makes the emails just pack a lot of
that replaced my sixstep routine. So, a
that we need for an email. Headline, sub
that you need for strategy. So let's go
that's how you pronounce it. Um,
that. That's a great angle. Ditch your
the best prompt that you're going to
the brand information. I'm going to copy
the email calendar in building the
the founder. And then a July wrap-up
the lookout for some more stuff coming
the main principles and then focus on
the scenes sort of stuff like why we
the season, this is all the stuff that
the value that I provide. Um, and be on
the website. And this has everything for
theme summer energy starting fresh and
then email topic or campaign angle.
then go right here. Create a monthly
there. That's the only prompt that you
these different headlines. We fix daily
these emails. So writing email copy, we
think that that's a helpful story. And
think you kind of know uh what to do
this brand context section. I found that
this email calendar right here for what
this is all you need to give chat GBT on
this is what we're doing. As far as the
this?" Whatever it is. Um, so here are
three sentences. I'll go over this
through 14. Uh, theme on travel,
tips and wins. Perfect. Awesome calendar
tired. You're undernourished. Most
to action. Perfect. Amazing copy right
to ask the same sort of thing. But what
to expect. We don't call it a cheat code
to include a sale 10% off that lasts one
to keep up with. And overpriced routines
to this custom GPT, which will do
together for you. So, if you just click
travel with these because they're really
trust, yada yada yada. Aligned with
us the copy for this, what we could do
use these prompts, mess around with it.
use. Um so I want to go over it and go
variation displayed in table format. So
variations for everything right here.
want to start off with giving us some
we are going to be doing. I literally
we can do it for Grunes. So, it's going
we found to just work the best. I'm
we love that. Use case and lifestyle.
we're going to get three different
week. Can you fit that into the
wellcopy.net/GPT.
what we use for a lot of our brands.
what you have. Like, I have a question
what's inside ingredient comparison
when they do it. Perfect. And so they
when you can pop a gummy? Beautiful.
which is an email calendar, which I can
with brand tone and customers journey
with some explanation. So we're going to
without caffeine. Green powder.
word punchy for some it triggers
work. So, make sure you check out
write e-commerce email marketing copy.
write the copy the copy for this bridge
yada yada yada. Mental and physical
yada yada yada. So let's test this out
yada. Um, create me a graphic to use in
you can have it for yourself and you can
you can just go back and forth. Whatever
you need to know about the brand and the
you want to say. Chat Gvt can edit. I
you will see exactly what this output is
you're an expert copyriter trained to
you. It'll ask you, you can ask email
your brand on the brand and then the
