 
40% off price. I found this is super
Actually, we always want to end with a
Add in the stroke that we want. And then
Align this up. Make a white background.
Aloe here to get some inspiration maybe
And all that we have to do is add in our
And let me look. So, we have a rectangle
And so I just brought in the copy here.
And so if we could do some sort of like
And so what I want to do is I'm just
And then find here. Take the hex. Go
And then for this top headline, which is
And then just to give some people some
And then perfect. This looks like Mr.
And then we have a black outline here.
And then we'll see what we want to do
And then, I like how this is shown. And
And this is looking pretty sweet up
And this is obviously way too wide.
And this should be pretty good to go, I
B and then here it's spitting out, okay,
Beast's website. And for this section,
Boom. Shop online or head in store to
But essentially, I said women's denim,
But it is a little bit too light. We
But we do still need to add our buttons
Calvin Klein is having two buttons in
Calvin Klein since we have men and women
Calvin Klein. Let's set the background
Calvin Klein. Send an email. Click
Clean Eats never tasted this filthy
Could do a underwear highlight. And then
Even if you don't have a ton of new
Every brand's going to be a different
Everything else we kind of mapped out.
Father's Day is coming up. So, we could
Figma. So, what we're going to do is
Figma. Um I'm going to be walking you
GPT that you can have access to. I
Give me email campaign ideas. So you
Going to adjust this. Just going to mess
Google doc and split things up into the
Guist. It's the closest thing that I
I actually just went to their website
I can cut down on our lines by spreading
I did a little bit of advanced
I did just newsletter. Turn you off. Put
I did was I went to free pick here, and
I got this. And I think that this will
I have a question about email marketing.
I just finished updating this. So,
I just put in kind of the copy right
I kind of like this. It's like a 3D sort
I like from these brands so that I can
I like this one the best. Start with a
I really want to have these little
I think that that'll make this look a
I think this is the most used hero
I thought this was cool. You have the
I use these as little frames. And so if
I want to move it over so it's separate
I want to replicate this button on their
I want to say I want to create like an
I want. And boom. Let me show you what I
I will get back to you guys. All right.
I will go shop new arrivals or maybe I
I'll insert this in. Right click, bring
I'm going to a website like milled or
I'm going to be going through my exact
I'm going to bold this text. Maybe
I'm going to copy this. And then I don't
I'm going to leave this here for now.
I'm going to separate this text out just
I'm going to split just before these
I'm going to use that. Organic,
I'm just going to copy and paste this
I'm just going to do this. And then we
I'm just going to pick out five of
I'm not going to do a sub headline. So I
I'm using within these emails. You can
I've made $100 million making emails for
I've seen brands do is if you don't have
If we had the and it's clean, we could
Just looked up peanut butter swoosh and
Just noticing that this isn't centered.
Just put in the copy right here. And we
Kind of like this. So, what we can do is
Klein email, which I think it's going to
Klein product section. So if we go to
Klein's website here, I have a ton of
Let's copy and paste and put in our body
Let's create a campaign. We'll say test
Let's do something that's highlighting
Let's go on ahead and get to work on the
Let's let's try it out and see how we
Let's see what we can get here that
Mr. Beast's favorite snack right now.
Need to bring the same rectangle blue
Now I think we could do a little bit
Now, let's actually get to the
Oh, I love this. Add in some clouds
Okay, that's kind of a banger. I think
Peanut butter. And actually, I kind of
Perfect. This was a bit of a harsh
Remove background. And then what this is
Same styles, even better deal. Just walk
So I'm just copy and pasting the same
So let's shift this. And then that looks
So we got some different options right
So, I need to center that. And I am not
So, I pulled a few here and I've started
So, I want to do that first. Uh but we
So, I'm actually just going to insert a
So, going back to the email marketing
So, let's add another stroke. Maybe set
So, let's put this rectangle. For the
So, that kind of helps with that. Maybe
So, there is our ideation. Now, let's
So, they keep it pretty simple. So, I
So, this is what it's like to go back
So, this is what we ended with. Went
So, we just need to extend this email
So, we want to carry these over and add
So, we're going to need to find this
So, what we can do here is we can go
Something I really like here that I
This is great. Now, let's recreate this
This is your upgrade. Okay, I like this.
This looks good. But this is kind of
This was the before and then this is how
This will be from ideiation to writing
Tons of different ideas. Now, I want to
Uh but I think this looks good. We'll
Upload this. Clavio has a compressed
We can also click these two and use this
We can go to like an orange color right
We can see that in the background she's
We put a photo gallery. So I'm going to
We want to split things up. And kind of
We'll use this and make it look super
We're going to have a bridge section,
We're going to have a list right here.
We're going to have a sustainability
We're going to have to change the color
What would happen if I made you a little
What you can do is you can give chat GPT
Write me an email marketing campaign,
You can just see this is just a line
You can see it has body copy, bridge
You can see it's still very high
You can see some pretty cool subject
You can see there's kind of like gaps
You can see though that it spit out a
You don't see a lot of brands doing
You've had chocolate, you've had peanut
You've had chocolate. It kind of seems
You've had chocolate. You've had peanut
You've had peanut butter, but never like
a bit small, but I'll add that later.
a border, a stroke just like that, then
a couple more minutes kind of like
a designer by any any means. I'm sure a
a peanut butter chocolate feature. We'll
a photo gallery. So I'm just going to
a plus sign right here. And we could
a sale email, you don't always need a
a shop woman and a shop men button. And
about 10 minutes since I last did this,
about getting an extra 20% off in store.
about the logo pieces. And then the
about their purchase. And so, here's the
about these bottom sections is treat it
about we have this whole hero section be
about where we source our ingredients.
above just like the plain footer which
across their different channels. So,
action in footer. We are all good to
action to say shop peanut butter bar and
action. We can split it all the way over
actually an older flavor, but really
actually made this with over 500 docs of
actually writing this copy. So for this
actually, this still looks a little bit
add a lot of depth. Maybe if we put this
add a ton to the email. Oh my goodness,
add this kind of around this section. So
add your favorite jeans, clean cuts to
added in all the remaining products,
added in the buttons, and then women's
added these lines right here to separate
after talking with Chat GPT, and I think
again put in a rectangle. Put in a
all for me or at least help me create
all kind of like different sizes, so
all of our edits and all all the stuff
all of the links. So I said peanut
all the copy in here cuz there are a lot
all we need to do is add in a rectangle.
alleviate that. And so we need this
already this is looking pretty pretty
always what we want in sales is to show
always, always, always what I'm doing is
amazing. Shout out Diana. Amazing email.
an email just highlighting an FAQ of
and I found this. It says peanut butter
and commitment to ethical sources. We
and family sale 40% off the whole store,
and forth with chat GPT. And I'm
and high-converting emails from scratch.
and highlighting this offer so that we
and how they're actually giving back and
and it looks just like a plain product
and men, splitting different sections,
and more showing the products. So this
and of course mixing things up for the
and sections we can use. All right. So,
and simple, to the point. It kind of
and split by category. We always want to
and stealing inspiration and emails that
and store." So I'm just going to put
and then a product section and then
and then shop woman right here. And then
and then some body copy and then a
and then we could have the other slices
and then we have words in the rectangle.
and then we'll try to make some sort of
and then you are good to go. That's
and they kind of don't find the product
and this will help kind of like
and we should be good to go. Then if we
and women. We'll just replace like this
another corner radius because it looks
another email for me. Answer B and then
answer these questions to then give back
anything like that too much or any of
anything. So I went back to their
are going to our design tool. This is
are. You can get a ton of inspiration by
around all these frames. And then what
around here, add a corner radius, do
around here. So, if we go to styles, we
around with the sizing a little bit and
around your website and try to think of
as a friends and family bonus. Take an
as the other. But maybe that's fine
asked Chat GBT to help me come up with a
at this. Not too bad. Now, let's get our
awkward. So, I'm going to put this on a
back and forth and development over the
back and forth for a little bit, I've
back as we write the copy. So now we
back into Figma. Take a rectangle. Make
background I actually changed, and it's
background and then you can see the
background as before. And then I just
background remover. We can remove
background right here. This grainy
background so it's very familiar to them
background, select the image, and then
background. And so what we can do is you
backgrounds. And right here we already
banger. And now we have the Calvin Klein
bar, that should perform really well.
bare. So, let me get a couple of clouds.
batter new product right here. And look,
be a lot simpler and hopefully a lot
be capital letters as well. And probably
be in one line. Move these together. And
be multiple of her and the background is
be right here. Um, kind of just like the
be sent. Now, if you just skip to the
be slicing up our emails into small
before slash it out. and then show the
behind it, make it look even more
below to get yours. And then something
better because it's easier for the
big brands, Calvin Klein and Feastable
big fan of peanut butter. So, I kind of
bigger. And then red 30% off. And then
bigger. Kind of what I'm thinking of is
bit bigger? Okay, I like that. And then
bit of body copy and then have shop men
bit of the background in there, like
blocks. So, I'm just going to delete
blue. We're going to need to find like
body copy slightly longer. So let's see
bold logo tea, layer on a denim jacket,
bold, added a fill, and then actually
boom, we kind of have this effect where
boom. Let us put in our copy. So I just
border right down here. And we need to
border right here. So, if we wanted to
bottom and be like, you know what, maybe
bottom section right here. How I think
boxes. So I think I might just copy this
brain, I'm going to have it write
brands, we need a little bit less words
brands, you really need to show the
breakdown different products. So pretty
bridge section and then a final little
bridge section as infographics. So we
bridge section will take up a little bit
bridge. You kind of just want people to
brief peanut butter chocolate feature.
brief. Now, let's go to the idea behind
buds will thank you. And then shop
buds will thank you. Copy and paste you.
bullet points that we are supposed to be
but I also like this. So, I'm going to
but essentially I'm trying to get
but made it black. And then we have this
but you get an extra 20% off if you buy
butter chocolate feature email and then
butter that slaps. And then for body
butter, but never like this. This is
butter, but never like this. This isn't
butter, chocolate, goatated. This bar
butter. And this is the only one that
butter. So, this looks good right here.
button at the top of the email. We like
button. And then I'm just going to go
buttons pretty big. The bigger the
by. And so, what we can do is we can
call to action. And then our footer
call to actions. Go just like this. I'm
campaign calendar and then create me a
can Okay, my camera just died. I'm
can center you right here. And then I
can create a high-converting email when
can get some different things right
can go to free pick. This is the tool
can have this right here. I like to make
can literally just copy any one of
can really visualize my email. And
can see it removed the background. This
can slice up the rest of the email and
caps right here, and we make this one
check out this video on my channel for
chocolate companies who take advantage
chocolate for you. Warning, addictively
chocolate graphic, which we are just
chocolate. So, for a button, we can just
choose these ingredients? We could talk
clear as possible. Maybe have a little
clearly. So, I think that's probably
click plus. we can add kind of like a
clouds. I think that this would be super
color as well. We're going to add
color, we can use this tool here to find
color, we're going to copy this same
color. So it's the same. And then we're
command on my keyboard and go like this.
communities in Africa. So, this is
consult with one of my designers on hand
continue. Whatever audience we want. Say
converting. Then, I've just linked to
cool and like little rainbows. So I'm
cool ideas here. So I think in this case
cool visual of the chocolate bar. Cool
cool visual with the chocolate bar.
cool. And so for the headline, what do
copy all completed for both of these.
copy and paste, put the text right here.
copy in with just like some estimates on
copy right here. Go back here. Copy and
copy, we had this little blurb up here
could be a bestseller email. We could do
could do just like that. Move this a
could do whatever sort of stuff like
could do. I think for the background, I
could find to their website. And so for
could fit in? This isn't your average
could have done. I want to make this
could use this to replace that first
couldn't find it again. Um, but found
couple good uh bridge sections here as
cream of peanut butter meets organic
creamy inside. And then some good
create a Father's Day email highlighting
create those. Okay, so I just filled
customer to click. So, we want to make
cut the background. I'm holding down
cuz I like how it looks. So, I'm going
cuz kind of what I want to do is I want
cuz our email is 600 in width. We want
dark. We're going to make this dark
delete this because we have another
denim products and say like pair with
denim, men's denim. But you'll see this
denim, then women's denim is we need to
denim. And then boom, that's an email
design going spurting out from the call
design here. All righty. So, we have the
design with like the peanut butter.
designing this email. So, let's put in a
designing. I'm going to start with the
did. So, to add some extra depth here, I
didn't know. So we're going to do a
differences in the image quality is
different Father's Day gifts. Do a thank
different boxes right here and added in
different ideas that I could create.
different line. Your taste buds will
different metrics we could do. Fastables
different parts just to give it some
different psychological triggers that
different sections. Most good emails are
different sizes, different dimensions of
different things like you can change the
different variations for us to use here.
different ways that we can
difficult to see like this, what we can
do is add one more section just
do is if you go to fill down here, we
do is now I'm going to call in chat GPT
do just half of this cuz I think you
do that. But I think we might run out of
do what we want. So for this next
doing is uploading our email as image
don't like kind of the copy that it
don't mess up any of the dimensions. So,
down. I need to cut off this these
drag in these images right here. Upload
dragged it in here. And this should fit
e-commerce brands. And in this video,
edits. I think this is clean. It's a
effective for sales. Do the same on this
effective. Something to note about this
email creation process is ideation. What
email marketing trainings and tons of
email sections and make these higher
email with everything that we want. So,
email, I want to make sure that we have
email, whereas for Calvin Klein, I want
email. Perfect. We're going to have a
email. So, looking at their website
emailified. So, same situation. We are
emails and good graphic design, they
emails into Clavio so that we can send
emails, we need to make sure we have
end and look at the final emails, you're
enough until we can see our text super
enter a box right here. And for the
enter zero for the padding so that we
essentially, this is what we want to do.
ethical sourcing. I saw this page on
even bigger if we did something like 75.
every time. No GMOs, no palm oil, just
exactly in the example that we're going
example, this little section right here
explosive. And look at that. That's
extend this background a little bit to
extra 20% off when you shop in person.
extra research on this. So, this is
farmers. Okay, we got a lot more here.
faster. All right, so I kind of put the
feastables in bullet points. And then
feastables. Now for this section of the
festivals. So, there's lots of different
files. And so I like to go to i love
final quick call to action and then we
final uh shop below to get your section.
finally the footer at the bottom. That's
find. And exactly. I want the background
finder. We can insert this image here.
first thing I like to always do is we're
flavor. You've had chocolate. You've had
font, but this is what we're going to do
fonts that I'm using, I just using
for everybody. All righty. Here we are.
for this sort of link right here. And
for. So now we need to add the other
found the font. We're just going to be
found this brand, Bronze Snake. I just
frame here. Name this the Fastables
free if you click this button. Then it's
from like another one. Actually, now
from this. So let's just give chatbt
full. These are the secrets that allow
fun, we could say like uh your taste
gallery kind of in the middle. These are
gallery. Oh, and then we need this
gas station candy. And then we'll take
general CTA. So, I'm just going to add
get into actually writing the copy. So,
getting cut off, but in the foreground
give more quick ones. Fair pay for
give people something really
giving people a reason to feel happy
go for for the background of this email.
go in front of it. So, actually
go see what kind of patterns that I can
go to the icons 8 background remover.
go to the physical locations. So, they
go to this image right here and then add
going to add a section here like shop
going to add these different sections
going to be a big file for the customer.
going to be doing is we're going to use
going to chat GPT or you can just go
going to copy this image right here. So
going to do here is we want to separate
going to do is this is going to separate
going to do more of an educational
going to export them. I like to export
going to follow this layout where you
going to go see what I can find. Some
going to have us write an email
going to look like by its different
going to prompt you to like be like,
going to pull an image. Or actually, you
going to pull in our pictures of the
going to put this in. I'm going to move
going to say give me more options for
going to start off with some sort of se
going to start with putting all the copy
going to take from here. Perfect. Just
good education and kind of like
good enough. Maybe if you look at this
good quite yet. I still prefer to use I
good right here kind of at 60. Let's
good to go. Let's actually upload these
good. And now we can add our footer. For
good. I don't really have any other
good. Nothing artificial. All the
good. Now, let's add in the footer. All
got the tone of voice right here. Lots
got. Love this. I think this hero
graphic to use in my email. We're just
group these two together. And we have
grouped together. And then I put a frame
guys will get the point. Before we
had in their footer. And we are looking
had to crop these a little bit. But what
have a hero section which is going to be
have a little blurb at the bottom. So,
have a lot of solid designs and imagery.
have a new collection of logo pieces
have a sustainability section and then
have a ton of stuff that we can use. We
have everything right here in this
have move the logo and everything kind
have our image slice, I'm just going to
have our table right here. We want to
have shop by category or some sort of
have the buttons that we need to split
have the footer. And then actually for
have the men's denim. Add this button
have this big field and we can do our um
have this friends and family sale, which
have this section and then I did the
have too big of a slice because it's
have two different styles of emails for
have two tables right here. We have this
having something like this headline
headline, sub headline, body copy.
heavy visuals at the top. So, I'm just
her from the actual background. So,
here and what the email is going to look
here, so that it's the color of peanut
here, there's a lot of things that we
here, they're doing get fourpack, get
here, which I think kind of goes well
here. And then adjust right here how we
here. Going to want to make this a lot
here. I think that's what I'm going to
here. Let's see what I want. Okay. I
here. One thing I don't like is this
here. Really, all I care about is the
here. So now we have to figure out how
here. So, we could do a peanut butter
here. This is talking about a lot of the
here. We want to set dimensions as 300
highlight of the peanut butter chocolate
highlight our ingredients. Why do we
highlight. Let me do a little bit of
highlighting a product that make it kind
highlighting and pushing a little bit
highlights and make it kind of seem like
hire designers like this right here.
hit on that sort of novelty factor that
hitting. I just don't like how this
how most emails will look but not all of
how to use these like line things. I'll
iconic Vic, now's the time to restock
if they get to the bottom of this email
if we go to plugins right here, icons 8
image right here. There's the girl's
image right here. You can actually see
images wherever they're going. So this I
images. So, let's find a couple of our
img.com. You go to this compress image
impact stats. So I'm going rogue here
imported this into the document. And
in a little bit and you can see the
in and show up. And so, I kind of just
in and then we should get quite a few
in here. And then boom. So we have this.
in our button right here. And then we're
in our email. So, let's do a product
in store. So, pushing people to actually
in the email. And then being able to
in the inbox, finding different ways to
in the world are we going to do this. So
in their website. Then we're going to
in this blurb that I liked right here.
in this logo. Center it right in the
in, compress it, and you'll see that it
information about like our tone of
information and then a section on
ingredients inside from farm to feast
insert a table right here and then
inside of Clavio. Thank you so much for
inside this frame. Had to mess around
inside. All right. So, I just put the
inspiration for this product section. I
irresistible with the chocolate and then
is at the top of our email, we can have
is essentially 40% off sitewide. So,
is formatted properly. So looking here,
is going to have its own link. Like for
is okay. Right here we have less copy,
is set as white. Let's set this as 600
is some good imagery that we could use
is the idea behind our emails? That
is the other background of the email
is what it was before and this is what
it as like an image. And so, that is
it at like four. Maybe make this a
it from the footer this side this time
it gives that cool effect where it's
it is now. So now if we wanted to, we
it needs to link to the 90s loose fit
it pops out. All right, perfect. So, you
it pretty minimal and have this white
it that color. And then let's put this
it'll automatically add that bold
it's a frame right here. And so it's all
it's a little bit awkward. But something
it's goes around her just like this,
it's going to ask the questions. So, I'm
it. And then make sure that everything
it. Boom. That should be perfect. Look
italicize it kind of like how they do
jackets, whatever it is. We want to give
jeans. Whereas this section needs to be
just a headline, bonus savings in store
just add things and make them
just center these. And this looks pretty
just copy and pasted this in. Made sure
just go and shop shop right now. So I
just going to copy and paste and put
just going to go straight to a shop now
just going to go with a headline focused
just going to have chat GPT like do this
just have our images and we can edit
just like this right here. I'm just
just like to go to something like color
just literally use this? Okay, this is
just need to put in our product
just straight to the products and
just to show you guys that we can do
just use this. And then let's put in
just zoomed in on the waves. Put it
kind of all we need to do is drag this
kind of just like words smmith together
kind of just stands out a little bit
kind of like a beach sort of vibe right
kind of like boiled things down to these
kind of like this. I just like this
kind of like where the customer doesn't
kind of looks like we still have this
kind of want to spread these out. So,
know what? Let's add the copy in here.
lady like going over top the frame. So I
last call to action and put it here.
layout here. I deleted the images and
layout, we're going to have a headline
layout. Make this a little smaller. And
let's go to the Fastables email. We have
let's just do an email focusing on this
let's let this run a second and see what
let's move into this next section. So,
let's see what I can do here. I might
like a bold shop now right here. And
like a mini email if we're just going to
like almost 3D, which gives it that
like background figured out. Let's paste
like buttons and sections right here uh
like it and how the email progresses.
like it. We have it all in one frame. So
like just so we have it for reference.
like really goods.com or emaildonut.com
like sizing and where it could be. The
like something like right back here. And
like summarize ethical sourcing for
like the whole outline of this email.
like they have corner radiuses on this.
like this if we wanted them to be wider.
like this is new coming out. So it can
like this. So let's move forward with
like this. We don't like this cuz
like, okay, pair those logo pieces with
line height, these will spread out.
line ideas. This bar will ruin all
line it up so it's perfect, and then we
lined up. So let's move this up. And now
lines, these like flashing lines right
link and then upload it for the men's
linked it to the page and then add
links right here on top of all of our
literally it. Just uploading as images
literally just having ChatGpt help me
literally on my phone right now, but let
little better. Let me play around with
little bigger. I just pulled a frame of
little bit cleaner. Maybe a little bit
little bit cooler. There we go. Okay,
little bit different that I changed. I
little bit different. I actually just
little bit hard to read. So maybe we
little bit more fun. But I'm probably
little bit more. And then boom. This
little bit under. Let's change this to
little bit. I usually like to make my
little psychology and do product
little texture. And so I actually pulled
look at how much more life this just
looked up like fashion and looked up the
looking at MILD, which is just a free
looking pretty clean. If we add it to
looking pretty sweet. I'm going to spend
looking too bad at all. And I kind of
looks a little bit better. Let's move
looks pretty good. Looks like a decent
looks. Boom. Okay, that doesn't look
looks. So I'm going to see if I can find
lot of brands do, is you can actually
lot of people might not know that he has
lot of the designers out there watching
love IMG. So, actually right here we
love this part as much. So I might steal
loved logo TE's. Okay, so after going
made our files 72% smaller. And the
make sure that moves behind the text. A
make this a little bit smaller so it's a
make this a little bit thicker. And that
malfunction there at the end, but I hope
marketing campaign. So I'm going to type
matches their website. Perfect. Now,
maybe line height. If we increase the
maybe we can steal. Okay, so going at
me finish showing this to you because we
me to help brands scale profitably with
means for us. Then find a little call to
men's, then we could just click this
mentions it. Give me more headline
middle right here. Make sure we go all
milk chocolate in a combo that hits
mix things up a little bit and not have
more body copy variations. And make the
more bold. And boom. That actually looks
more depth. So, kind of what I'm
more knowledge on email marketing.
more life. And we'll do that for all of
more. Or we could have a little bit more
move it to like right here so we can get
move on and get to our bridge section.
moving these around a little bit. Okay,
my emails 600 uh pixels wide. And then
need a border and we need this girl to
need a headline, body copy, and then
need to scroll. It's right at the top of
needs to have a different link because
new frame right here. We'll name it
next slice. And then repeat this for
niche and kind of found this brand and I
not going to get any value because
notes here for the brief for this email
noticed that this isn't really centered.
now we can kind of like map out our
now we're looking good. This email is
of different ways that you could put
of good stuff. So headline, peanut
of layout. We like this. I would like
of like set it as the background. Zoomed
of like this. But I'm going to separate
of look right here. I think this is
of repetitive. So, I'm going to get rid
of seem new. Peanut butter that slaps.
of small communities, specifically
of space. We're going to have a lot of
of that. Then we just have our most
of the first things I saw on the
of this to white. And so, when it's
of to the side a little bit and do
off everything plus extra 20% off in
okay, what exactly are you looking for?
on my mind and I have a lot of ideas.
on some different photo galleries. So,
on the discount offer, making that as
on two times. And we're going to save
on with the next section. And actually,
once we get to designing. Since this is
one from free pick. Just copied it. And
one last little piece, what I'm going to
only see if you watch this video in
option. They'll do the compressing for
options that have peanut butter in it.
options with different like headlines
or plain image right here. So, what if I
organization here on the left side, but
other brands emails and everything that
our compressed files. Here's slice one.
our sending platform, all that we're
our subject line. Hi, there. And then
ours. Whatever it is, we want to be
out. I'd be lying if I said I didn't
outfit inspiration, we're going to be
outline around there. So, maybe let's
over here. Upload these. Do the same
over the course of a long time can help
over top like an image of some sort. It
parts." And so, we want a product
past 6 months and you can have it for
paste our body copy. Put you in here.
pasting this text and saying shop now.
peanut butter bar. We'll just have this
peanut butter chocolate bars, which I
peanut butter, but never like this.
people is if you make things seem new.
perfect. All right. I was able to pull
perfect. Let's put this in. And oh,
perfect. Oh, this is way better than I
photo gallery here. I'm just looking at
picture of her right here, and then we
piece together my own unique email. And
piece, which is also on their website.
planet, which is email. So, let's get
plant-based, and melt inyou mouth magic.
point infographic of what this means for
pretty cool idea. These different
pretty cool. I like it. It's different.
pretty good to me. We'll have a photo
pretty good. And then we can add a
pretty saucy. I love how this turned
pretty similar to us. Um so I want to
pretty solid. Peanut butter. That slaps.
pretty well, honestly. Make this
preview texts right here. And so you can
probably around 800 or so in length. And
probably going to get rid of this. I
process A to Z. Creating emails for two
product highlight here. But another
product section, let's highlight the
product section. So we have 40% off. We
product. And so I'm probably going to do
product. I made it a little bit more
products coming out, you can use this
products that we want to use. All right.
products. So this is what we're looking.
prompt them with something like this.
prompting people again to say, "Hey, if
psychologically get the customer to buy,
psychologically humans love. We're going
pull in some pictures of the logo TE's
pulled this image, which is pretty
put a photo gallery section right here.
put in a text box. Went in like this. I
put in the footer right here with just
put this in like the foreground. And it
quality. So, let's go back into Clavio.
quick section on this, and then I took
real deal deliciousness. Perfect. Love
really cool look. And then we can add a
really good right here. And then we have
really good sub headline. And then let's
really good visual. So I want to have a
really minimal. We can click on this.
really specific with what our emails
recommend using it. Essentially, you
recreate this for some different product
rectangle. Maybe duplicate it. Maybe I
regenerative agriculture goals,
related. Look at that. That looks This
restock or some sort of relaunch sort of
reviewing tens of thousands of emails
right here for the background and then
right here so that they're hugged
right here, I'll send it to the back.
right here, all I did was I made it
right here, this goes over the top. So,
right here. And I think I'm literally
right here. And all we're going to be
right here. And then just added a couple
right here. And then just like that, we
right here. And then let's end with our
right here. And then this kind of looks
right here. But I want to have an image
right here. So, all I'm going to do is
right here. here. It's just a slightly
right into it. So, the first part of our
right now. So right there we are all
right over here. And then I'm going to
right there. And boom. That looks really
right. So, just doing the finishing
right. So, this is what we came up with.
rounded and they have a black border.
safest thing that we can do. Maybe once
same thing here. Changed the call to
section and just go straight to the
section is every item needs to have a
section is pretty much good to go. Let's
section kind of like lay out. And then
section layout, and it's probably the
section like this to bring it all
section taken from this section and they
section to be super simple. So, I'm
section, I'm just going to line these
section, and then the product section
section. And this looks pretty good. I
section. So we just have text here in
section. We're going to take all of our
sections because each individual section
sections right here, metrics. So
sections right here. Push them up. Maybe
sections. So, I entered this into a
see how it looks for everything. All
see if I can find how they have executed
see it analyzed the website and kind of
see those images go full bleed now. And
seems to be good to go. Just like that.
seems very tall. It's going to take a
send this to the back. We have this. And
sending platform for these to actually
set. We're done with this section. Now
shadow in front of it so it's nice and
shop men's and then boom. And then we'll
shop now button. So the customer knows
shop now. I just did underlined sort of
should be pretty good. Something just
show how you're displaying your products
show the products like this. And then
showing both women and men's products.
showing the value of the sale. That's
side and then a shop woman's button and
since we have this piece of her that's
slaps. So that's very much in his voice.
slices wherever they are, upload them
smaller and crossed it out. You can see
smaller, but I want to make sure that I
smaller. Drag this in just like this.
so I can come back to it. You know what?
so here's what I ended up doing. I tried
so instead, what I'm going to do here is
so pretty much for every sort of email
so that we can write the copy. Friends
so they can click and go shop that item
solid. Adjusted the sizing of it to just
some ideas. So, if I go to Calvin
some of these from their website and I
some of these ideas, read some of this,
some sort of graphic. Maybe I kind of
some sort of list. Couldn't find
something just like this and then kind
something like five. That should be
something like peanut butter that slaps.
something like this, it could look a
something like this. And we can move
something on mil. I think Monk Pack is
something super simple. I think this
something that we can do. So, what I'm
something that we really want to promote
something. Yeah, like this is perfect.
sourcing? So, I'd probably say something
specifically about underwear, we could
spending in store. So what I'm going to
spits out, then we can add in some more
step that we had. Create an email
store. So I just went ahead and plugged
store. So typically something like this
straightforward right in the copy. So
straightforward. Let's just add a line
stroke. If we add a stroke right here,
stuff I'm just eyeing it. That's why I
stuff here. We can do birthday cake
styling. So bold look breakdown
sub headline if we don't want to. We're
subscriber. So, I kind of like this.
such as doing like us versus them. like
super thick, just like that. Pause. And
sure these are big. Just copy and
sustainability section for the bridge
sustainability timeline. This is a
sustainabilitydriven packaging. Okay,
sweet. Let's move this down cuz we have
switch the transition from blue probably
switch this to an image cell content.
table that we're going to introduce
take this as well. Do we think that that
taking down big chocolate
talk about okay what is ethical
teeth because I don't use auto layout or
thank you. Going to capitalize this
that I use for any like sort of
that I want to use. If we drag it in
that I'm looking at this, this is kind
that bad. Cool. Let's try this out and
that in here for now and then we'll come
that in. Now let's get the body copy.
that slaps. So I think we can do
that they like, they could scroll to the
that we did was we just added the logo
that we want to highlight in this email.
that's lined up. And then boom, export
that's why it was created. So what I
that. And when we have something like
that. Now we need to add our bridge
the aesthetic of the brand. It was one
the background. So if we put this
the biggest size that you'd want, it's
the cheapest form of marketing on the
the cool like Figma tools. A lot of this
the copy here. adjust these. And this
the copy to designing the emails all the
the copy was right here. And then we are
the email. We'll have a bridge section
the footer, super straightforward. All
the frame that you slice, you can export
the headline. We don't need to have a
the headline. We're going to do pair
the hero section. So this brand right
the name. Then we're going to have price
the other side. This is going to be the
the product here so that we can have it.
the products and all the stuff so I can
the sections just a little bit more. We
the six-pack. Now, what we can do for
the skinny jeans. And you don't want to
the slice tool does is anything within
the styles you wear on repeat. Banger.
the top section. Usually for clothing
the value. And then right here for just
the way to the edge right here. And then
the what ethical sourcing means at
their logo TE's that they were
their peanut butter uh product right
their website on their ethical sourcing
them as image slices as PGs. And then we
them down. This is what ethical sourcing
them that option. So, this is looking
them. And so this is how I had this
them. I just like to start out here so I
them. So, in order to upload this into
then I found something just like this. I
then I made the price a little bit
then kind of put them back, but this is
then men's denim here. Forgot to have
then this is just a different part of
then we can put in our different buttons
then we could center this how we want.
then we have this product image right
then we put in whatever color we want.
then what I'm going to do is I'm going
then you just put the links throughout
there are a couple ways that we can do
there's no button. If there was a button
there's something peanut butter. I'm a
these bottom sections. And then once we
these different products. So, it's been
these image files because right now
these overlap and you have like a little
these sections right here. Just going to
these. And so I found this. I've
these. I kind of like cuz he always says
these. So, this is what we've ended up
they do a lot of like full image here.
they're really big and really complex
they're sending. I noticed that they
they're trying to take down big
thing for this side. And we can actually
thing in the footer so that the customer
thing just right here as backgrounds,
thing that people really aren't aware of
things like this. Oh, this would be
think I just got inspiration from for
think I might just do I might just take
think I'm going to get rid of the bridge
think if we end with like a final
think that these are going to be sweet.
think that this is nice, clean, and
think this is all good to design. Now,
think we'll keep it pretty simple as
think, after we word smith this all in.
thinking here is if we make this all
thinking something like this by women
this I could just make it plain. But
this and see what we can come up with.
this are like probably gritting their
this bridge section. I probably want
this color just to make this match a
this down a little bit and have it all
this email, we're probably going to keep
this first bullet point and see how this
this girl from the background. And so,
this going over the text. We want to
this here and try to have like a photo
this if there was a button up here. We
this image that I want to drag in just
this in just like this. And then you can
this is a new thing coming out. Cuz a
this is how I like to write copy. I like
this is looking pretty pretty good. And
this off of the internet right here.
this one. Now, let's go to the Calvin
this out a little bit. And that already
this out answering these quick questions
this right here. So, not too shabby. I
this shop below to get yours. Your taste
this slice tool. And essentially what
this slice. Copy and paste. Go over to
this sort of layout. We like this sort
this sub headline just super simple 40%
this to be exactly halfway. Make sure
this to the back and then put you here.
this to the front. And then I'm going to
this trick right here called auto
this up here. And boom. This isn't
this video. And so, for Fastables, I'm
this was the exact image that I chose
this. And this is how you can stand out
this. Essentially what we need is we
this. Have her cast a shadow, have there
this. I like how educational this is,
this. So now we have the main sort of
this. We're all good. We're going to add
three, infographic of like new of like a
through a magnifying glass, you're going
through this. I have also another
throughout. And this is just going to
to ChatGpt. So, what is the email about?
to action, which is super cool. And
to actually visualize what my email is
to be just like this right here, this
to be. All righty. So, here is the final
to design. Peanut butter. That slaps.
to do a sale sort of email. And so,
to find some subtle differences, but
to fit in. And I think I like this. We
to give us a little bit more depth. And
to have a button way up high in the
to help me out. This is a free custom
to help this transition cuz I'm going to
to leverage us against big chocolate. So
to make space, some space for something
to our emails down here at the bottom.
to put in the text with the percent off.
to put this together, but this is
to see exactly how my brain thinks, the
to see if I can turn the opacity down so
to show a lot of models in their
to show that it's real. And so I'm just
to show you how to create professional
to the discount. Typically for clothing
to try to do something like that as
together an email. For this one, I'm
together. Change them to black. Put in
together. That should be pretty cool.
tool auto layout. And then it'll center
top hero section right here. Just nice
touches here. Let me crop this to where
touching things up to be where I want it
transition. So, I just found this little
transparency and sourcing, no palm oils,
tutorial on my channel on email design
two to three sentences describing and
typically I like to kind of put this
uh distance between them with something
um Fastables one. We just did it. Fresh
under it it says that slaps. So that's
unlock an extra 20% off. This looks
untouched. Now what we need that for is
up at the top. Nice and simple. Straight
up here, that'd be good. But
up. Now, we need to split by the call to
upload to Clavio, we want to compress
us versus them feel with our brand cuz
us. Rainforest alliance certified cacao,
use some of their designs but kind of
use this red color and we're just going
using Canet. However you pronounce this.
vibe for this peanut butter chocolate
visual of chocolate bar right here,
vivid, like the colors throughout. I
voice. So, I'm just going to send this
want it to be just like a darker blue.
want this to be bigger. Could make this
want to adjust this a little bit, but
want to do something like this for men
want to do something peanut butter
want to go for like this little like
want to make sure it mentions peanut
want to make this even more 3D. Just got
want to move this to the back. And I
want to promote the logo pieces. So how
want. It looks super thick when they're
was like, "Okay, I like some of these
watching. Sorry for the little camera
way to putting these emails into our
we are looking pretty solid. I like it.
we back it up with social proof and
we can add the copy after this. So if
we can do here, which I've been seeing a
we can find color right here. And then I
we can have a graphic of some sort in
we can see it spitting out tons of
we can see the background design a
we do sales. So, I put in the relevant
we get the we get the popup. Looks like
we get to designing, we can have a
we have the taking down Big Chocolate.
we need to do right here inside of
we need to do the bonus savings in
we turned out. This is just what
we want to do? So for the headline, I
we'll have just like a little bullet
we'll move this behind everything right
we're all set. Super clean, super
we're fine. So looks like we are all
we're going to get to designing. The
we're going to have two products for
we're going to have. Okay. So, I just
we're going to want to do something kind
we're just going to create our email
we're pretty much good to go here. We
we've pretty much replicated it. So this
website and they have the these FAQ
website, mil.com, where you can spy on
website. So they have corners. Um it's
website. What I'm going to do is I'm
well with like step one, step two, step
well. All right. So, I got a couple of
well. And so, if we I'm just going to
what I did here is I added the same
what I'm going to go with here. A lot of
what we can get right here. All right.
what we need to do under pair with
what we're going to do. We're going to
what we're working with. Let's get to
what works well psychologically in
what's most valuable is you being able
what's the website of the brand? Give me
where peanut butter isn't big and then
which if you're doing non-discount
which is what we're going to do here.
which we can probably take from
which we like. You've had chocolate.
while also talking about our fair trade
while to scroll. So, I'm going to see if
whole email about 50% off sitewide.
why support big chocolate? We're taking
width. So, I'm going to start by putting
will frame you two. Use auto layout
will go shop denim or underwear or
will have our footer and we are all good
with Figma. It's the best tool. highly
with a rectangle, whatever you want. We
with and we should be all good to go.
with denim at the top and then we'll
with ethical sourcing. I think that's a
with it a little bit and then boom,
with like the brown background here. All
with our typical layout. They have
with size 18. Centered it just like
with the logo and then just what they
with the strike through right here. And
with this chocolate company is their
with this little box to give it some
women product image. We're going to have
words here in the body copy. Give me
words here. So I'm going to do peanut
would do here is add something like
would just put the link of the Calvin
you bring to life. All right, so we have
you can do a frame. You could start off
you can do within these is is you can do
you can see those rectangles that I put.
you click onto something, you can see
you email just towards dads. Could do a
you got value from this. Make sure to
you want an extra 20% off, you can go
you're going to see a couple things a
you're working with a designer, you can
you. However, I found that it's not too
your average gas station candy. Rich
your gas station candy. Rich cream duh
