 
"Oh my gosh, I already gave them my
"Oh, shoot. They're going to give me a
$100 million a year in just a couple of
10 to 20% uh to enter the email right
3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th. So,
52% off. Do this and then they just send
52% off. So there's no actual urgency on
AI, you can pump a ton of these out and
All this traffic, so much traffic,
Also, email and SMS if you want anything
And then it's like, ooh, now you have to
And with that, psychologically, this
Athletic Greens ad and then they buy
Athletic Greens does in their powder but
Athletic Greens. Um so why pay $12 a day
Athletic Greens. Um, and this is why
Complete your order right here. You left
Don't close your browser." And so you
Every 10 minutes, they're getting colder
Greens, has been around for about 10
Gruns, essentially, they sell these
I'm going to show you so that you can
I've listed out here and linked out for
It's exactly what Athletic Greens price
It's not a long message cuz that's going
It's obvious they're talking about
It's very eye-catching. This is what we
Let's go into this specific weight loss
Max sent you, use code max, you get 20%
So it's very very key to spend time on
So they go a little bit longer here. Um
So they make it feel super exclusive for
So, boom. And then if we go, you can
So, it's like you're not even done yet
So, once you click activate, then it
So, that is the funnel. So, let's
So, that's the main strategy for getting
So, this brand, which you may have never
So, this is what it says. You've got 52%
Super simple. not going too crazy. And
That is crazy. Some people reading this
Then I also attach their abandonment
Then, I have all the links for us so
There's a button here, here, here, here,
These are typically what convert the
They also have SMS dailyish campaigns.
They just see this and they're like,
They'll go quickly check things out and
They're gonna have to enter their email.
They're just going crazy for it. They'd
They're pop-up forms. So, if I go on
They're running ads to all these
This is the pop-up form that they're
This is the warmest they will ever be.
Uh but essentially all they're doing is
Um I'll break them down in a second. But
Um so they have a general one right off
Um then they keep things super simple.
Um, da da da. Well, when somebody first
Um, then for kids so this isn't a
Um, you left us behind and complete your
We believe in second chances and your
Whereas like UGC video stuff, it can be
Why are they so aggressive? Why are they
Wow. Here's a link to your checkout. And
You can see infographics all the way.
You can see they have 1,200 different
a button as well in the middle, then
a fraction of a cent. And so that's what
a nerd with this sort of stuff, is most
a ton of ads, spending a lot on ads to
able to do. So, uh, hope that was
about discounting their brand. They're
about every other day to every day. So
about the offer. Then it's just a
account, you can go to meta ad library.
actually go to mil.com and look at all
actually where these are taking you. Um,
ads and then they direct to these
ads currently live. It's not like this
ads. That's going to be their main form
aggressive sending emails, emails,
aggressive, you can do this. So, they
ah fine, whatever. And then to get them
all I have to do is answer this question
all out for you. Uh wellcopy.net. Book a
all sorts of different ads that educate
all this stuff. They're not just doing
also reminded a 52% off offer every
also to just cast a wide net. So they'll
always at the bottom of their emails as
an email up or a button way up at the
and SMS pop-up form. They go crazy. They
and colder to where you wait a few days,
and convert as many people as possible
and cuz I was curious like what's their
and if you have this doc, it's a little
and if you want an audit just there will
and snuck an extra 30% off just for you.
and then if you subscribe to the
and then just listing everything. This
and then they have another lander that's
and then they'll mix in just like
anywhere. So some of the main benefits
apply it to your brand and hopefully
are amazing. Also way better than
are coming from like AG1. And you can
are crushing. So, let's break down this
are doing. So, let's break down the
are like, "Oh my gosh, I'd unsubscribe."
are the current ads. Like this is how
are using right now for their pop-up
as 1 to 2%. Because there are all sorts
at a pop-up form, their thumb's already
at all these. These are available on
athletic greens who are a little bit
attention. It's going to be the meta
be a link for you to book an audit with
be hard to do that because these guys
because when somebody opens an email,
behind. Complete your order. These are
being super aggressive because they know
best. Sometimes you do have to mix in
best. Uh but also if you notice when you
big blocks of copy. People don't like
bit blurry. And so I have the links here
branding. That's essentially what they
brands that are scaling fast. They're
button right here. And then they do this
buttons throughout the email. So, they
buttons. They're literally almost the
buy. They follow up a day later with you
call. I'll audit your strategy and
can click this and then it's going to go
can get literally 10 times to 20 times
can see how often they're sending. July
card here. Uh give it a tap. They add
chance offer valid today only on your
churn. And then they have this last one.
claim share what problem you're trying
close. Might as well enter my email. I
code surprise to get 52% off and they
code surprise to get 52% off. And that's
commitment bias. Once somebody starts
common landing page that they're using,
conversion rates is they can be as low
convert to like 3 to 4%. Whereas like a
converting pop-up, you'll notice it's
converting. Boom. You can literally look
copy, some education, and then some
corner cuz oftent times when people look
costs that they can. And so you'll see
couple days. And then they have SMS
couple seconds, you're going to get this
couple things that make this a very high
crazy and impressive what they've been
custom to me. Awesome. And it's like,
customtailored option." And then you've
cuz if somebody scrolls to the bottom of
deal for email and SMS subscribers only.
different benefits of the product which
different benefits. So if we go to like
different ecom brands, they're just
different landing pages. Now, a lot of
different pages listicles um to kind of
different products and that's what they
different stuff. And most often what
directly to this surprise landing page
doing all sorts of different landing
doing something, they're much more
doing upon someone entering their email
don't be afraid to discount here and
don't just have this and then a button
driving a ton of traffic and then
education on the product and then use
education. They have everything that you
email and SMS to educate them into a
email like this but they won't talk
email. I review over 10 different seven
email. Look at every single email.
email. You know what? I might as well
emails and bad emails. And their emails
emails, SMS, SMS, SMS, educating on the
emails. The reason they do this is
engaged with your list. And so I also
enter my phone number and not expose it.
enter my phone number." I'm going to
enter your email. So, you get about 50%
enters their information, they click on
entry. It'll take less than 15 seconds.
essentially a lot of brands they'll have
ever be. And that is their funnel. They
ever needs. And then they have some
every single day across both channels.
every single day. And I'll expose these.
every single one of those pages after a
everything. But in summary, they're
existed. However, a good pop-up form can
explain everything and every message
explanation that they could and then a
fast. You can see all the things that
first button. And so, you're going to
first purchase. And then you'll see also
five. And then they have right here,
flow. And then they'll just add you to
flows. But as far as like their emails,
for the offer which is after somebody
for you to click onto, but this is going
for you. So now they're specifically
for yucky chalky overpriced powders?
forgot something. Your cart is waiting
form that you don't optimize and it's
form. Now the problem with website
forms. They absolutely crush it. Um, so
from Athletic Greens. And so that's why
funnel, that's the warmest they will
funnel. I have everything out here.
funnel. So, of course, first what we are
funnel. That is what they've used to get
get much higher click rates. They have
get the email and SMS of as high as 20%
get these people to subscribe because
getting 1 to 2% of people buy, now you
getting it, you might forget. Um, so
giving 52% off. Crazy. Even though it's
going to reuse a lot of these graphics.
going to scroll. If you put buttons too
going to see that button. When you put
going with a competitor. they see an
good for like your protein. Then also
good pop-up form can convert 20%. That
got 52% off. Holy cow, that is a very
got married. Don't do that to us,
great way of educating people. But just
green gummies are feeling unbearably
gummies. Um, and it's just like
have images. Why is this? Images are 3.5
have massive buttons. Look at these
have similar growth, although it would
have specific ads that are focused on
have the button. So they send multiple
have this main lander right here. Um,
have. And then they have an infographic
health? We support you anytime,
heard of, has grown from nothing to over
helpful. Let me know if you have any
here I'm a partner here. So, if you say
here educating even more talking about
here the different us versus them. Um
here to opt in with the email and SMS.
here, then they're going to have to
here. It's all at the top of their
here. When you do this sort of form and
homepage, not these big brands, not the
hyper optimized because they know the uh
images whereas in the welcome flow they
importance of getting the email and SMS,
important to optimize and make sure that
in their SMS welcome flow. They send
in this high converting window. They're
in your cart. So, they have some fun
influencers, organize them, and then put
infographic right here and then also
infographic right here. Um all your gut
interesting about them is they actually
is how many ads they've done ever. These
is probably just like as tight uh
is they move the X to the top left
is very interesting and I love. And a
is where the secret sauce comes in.
is. And then you'll have or in other
it has some education and then it has an
it's executed correctly. So, you have
journey list. And so these are pretty
just as a bonus I added item to my cart
just briefly summarize this. So this is
just by using this exact funnel, which
just continued education and they're
just in gummy form with different
just on like their new product. And so
just saying it's a super high number
just their regular price, but they're
just wanted to do these just to be safe.
kids on. And then you have a
kind of got them and then now you'll get
kind of leveraging themselves against
kind of like a homepage. They have
lander directed towards hey get your
landing pages with different benefits,
let's break down exactly what they're
let's go to weight loss. Here's an ad on
letting me nerd out on that. I'll see
like 20% of optin rates. It'll be like
like multiple messages at once. Welcome
like see what performs the best, but
like seven benefits of the nutrition
like that. Uh my team will build this
like the other kind of like hidden
like there's a difference between good
like this ad for example, and this is
likely to follow through. And so, what
list list article. Um, so you can see
listicle actually. Um, it's just a
listicles are specific landing pages
lonely. Kind of funny. Save your cart
looking for. So, it's like, oh, this is
looks like. Emma one, two, three, four,
lose it. Um, so you fill out this
loses interest and then they end up
loss journey. You click on this ad.
low in the email, then not everybody's
mail.com/grunes.co.
me to audit your strategy. Um but
meantime, here's your big welcome offer.
mixing in testimonials um and social
month to these landing pages. And this
more boring. Um and then the SMS and the
moved it on the left side, which I think
moving to the top right corner. What's
much this improves your click rates. Um,
multivitamins and it's essentially what
need education over time to eventually
need right here. Um, and then they have
not always like what ad performs the
not asking for the email. Nobody knows.
not everybody's going to buy on the spot
notice you checking us out. Um and then
obviously high converting. They've
of ads right here. If we look on their
of different brands selling this sort of
of people answer that first question,
of people that you get just by
of them here. And you can see buttons
of these pages. Every single one of
of this stuff, they also have a ton of
of your ad spend. They have a hyper
of your website traffic. So instead of
off cuz saying you've got it seems like
off. But this is what all the big brands
off. Now, one thing I want to highlight
offer and getting people to buy now,
offer. So, they push people to subscribe
often they're running. you can see how
old these are and whatnot. You can go
on the SMS, they say finish signing up.
only to this point. So, they always have
opens the email is going to see that
optimized pop-up form and then they get
optimizing your pop-up form. Um, so
order now and save big. You left it
page they have an email and SMS pop up
pages and funnels. So, if we go into
pages. I'll go over like what their
people are using grooms for weight loss.
people as possible. So, you'll notice
people every single day that you have
people of the offer. So they'll have an
people over time. But also the nice
person has already committed. It's
pick aside grooms versus screen powders
please. Pretty funny. Then they have an
plus live, driving to these different
pop-up form. So, give it a second. Boom.
pop-up forms have the X to X out in the
powders right here. Um, so this is going
pretty standard sort of like landing
price that you pay on SMS. And so for
private browser right here, type in one
probably in the welcome flow. Um but I
probably millions of impressions um a
probably tested this a ton. Um, and on
product, they're going to stop sending
proof right here. And now let's go to
proteinbased listicle like how this is
purchase with the email and SMS. So,
purchase. And so they understand that
purchase. Now, you can't just slap on a
putting all their eggs in one basket.
question. So, you've got 52% off. the
questions and yeah, thank you for
rather over send and convert people in
reading big blocks of copy. And they
really easy to execute on a wide scale.
regular email. We need to remind these
regular pop-up form cuz a regular pop-up
reminded of you to where not remind you
right here for the 52% off exclusive
right here talking about the discount
right off the bat they're saying hey use
right off the bat, most pop-up forms,
right off the bat, your offer for up to
right there is like a 5x in the amount
right when somebody enters um into your
right when they go to your website. They
risk sending too little. The customer
running a crap ton of meta ads, 1200
running everywhere across their site.
save his number on her phone until they
say you've got and so psychologically
saying, "Hey, you had this in your cart.
says, "Congrats, check your text. In the
scroll all the way back up. You'd be
scroll down, you're going to get this
scroll through and you go through some
secret sauce is. Um, but also what
see this is what their welcome flow
send one to two educational messages
sending email campaigns or SMS campaigns
sending people to one landing page or
sending two emails every single day and
side of things. Uh, weight loss so how
signs up for the pop-up form, it goes
signup form, which they have hyper hyper
simple landing page. Just looks like
single one of these. You can see all of
so if we go like here, we can click onto
social proof down at the bottom. Boom.
social proof. Then on SMS, they send
some humor. Our founders's wife didn't
something specifically that they're
sorts of different listicles. So
specific uh benefits. Uh Grims will
standard. Um seems like listical are
starting with is it all starts with the
static ads just like these. And so it's
static ads, especially with the help of
strong educational graphics. You'll see
strong offer. And everybody's worried
stuff and they're putting out a ton of
stuff like this. Uh this is how they're
stuff. People are clicking on ads 24/7.
subscribe. If you want to try it once,
subscribe. Um, so that is their whole
summarize what their funnel looks like.
super expensive to get these
super simple. They're not doing all
support your gut anytime anywhere. Then
surprise. So that's their SMS welcome
surprised how much that increases uh
test all sorts of different things super
test this, but essentially the most
testimonials right here. Use code
testing different landing pages that are
text. Same as emojis. these eat up the
than saying 52% off. Um, if you're super
that they exist so that you just keep
that we can go through it. Hopefully,
that works better than saying take 52%
that's really what they want and that's
that's really what they're doing and
that's their secret sauce. They're
that's what this discount offers. That's
that's where the secret sauce is. So
that. They're trying to save as much on
the 52% off. It's always going to be on.
the SMS welcome flow. This is what
the amount of people at least get their
the bat. Why choose greens for your gut
the campaigns that they're sending. You
the customer and it's highlighting
the customer which is awesome. And then
the offer and then doing some
the platform that they're using for
the product page right here. And so
their abandoned cart flow looks like. So
their buttons is up to 52% off uh most
their campaigns, they're just keeping it
their key to becoming profitable. Each
their pop-up form, Polia Learn um right
their simple campaign list where they're
their way of testing and also just a
then I saw that email. I still didn't
then a text or two every single day?
then they also do daily email campaigns,
then they make a super low barrier to
then they'll leave, forget you ever
then they're educating people into a
there. That's what will keep people
these ads, you can click on and see like
these are the most common ones. They
these emails high converting? Well, they
these gaps and then don't miss your
these once a day. So the first SMS, it's
these pages, you wait a couple seconds,
these pop-up forms are very, very, very
they are outpacing them. So what makes
they could like that's not everybody's
they do now is they're like, "Ah, I'm so
they do on the SMS daily campaigns. um
they do what's inside, how we compare
they forget you existed. So, what they
they had a button down here. We're going
they have a new product. So say hello to
they have all these different listicles.
they have buttons at the top of every
they have different listicles based on
they send has some kind of offer. So
they target these 81 users clearly
they're directing most people. It's a
they're doing here. So, they're running
they're doing is they have UGC videos
they're getting hundreds of thousands,
they're getting like 20% of people right
they're getting the email and SMS. And
they're just sending this in just a
they're pushing all these people to
they're sending a lot. You can see every
they're sending at this frequency and
they're sending infographics every day.
they're sending so much. And so you can
they're sending them to just like their
they're sending. They have five emails
they're testing a bunch of different
thing about these static ads is they're
thing that I want to point out, cuz I'm
thing. This offer is purely for when you
things right off the bat and then
things that they do to get as many
this behind." They're showing me exactly
this high converting window rather than
this offer so that they convert. And so
this pop-up form. And if you're curious
this, they're always talking about that
this. Hey, they add some humor in here.
this. You'll notice that they have no
through and you can look at these ads.
times more expensive than just doing
to be specific to ads of like people who
to be their main landing page, which
to cost more. These are all just going
to cost one SMS, um which is going to be
to get 52% off. Heck yeah, gut health.
to nine figure brands every single week
to solve. So, this does seems custom to
to summarize, they're running the ads.
to the fam. Uh we shared our contact
to this point and yeah, it's pretty
to want a button throughout the email
together everything, and it takes a
top of the email, then everybody who
top right corner. One thing that they do
traffic. They run all these different
try to bring traffic to their website.
uh abandoned cart flow. This is what
uh weight loss. Perfect way to support
um them versus athletic greens and then
us versus them leading greens powder.
using old strategies, that's going to
versus others. Um and then how we fill
versus them education and then benefits.
want to claim this discount. So, you've
want you to keep ordering and not be
want. We don't want boring. We want
way down here. Some people will scroll
way up at the top of every email. High
welcome emails but they won't tell
welcome flow where they're sending these
welcome flow. Let's go across their SMS
welcome flow. So super educational heavy
well, actually, you know what? Let me
well, which is what we want. They have
what I left behind. And they're doing us
what their button says. It says we
what they're doing with these emails.
what would make this even better is if
where it directs us. First order green
which actually I think these are
which is focused just on like nutrition
which is going to help you get more out
which is insane. About 50% of people.
which likely are what convert the best.
which list out it's essentially just a
while, and it's expensive. Whereas
whole screen. You'd be so shocked how
with text to activate. So, you're like,
with this pop-up form, one like small
would do is they would rather overend
years. But, Grunes is about to lap them
years. Their direct competitor, Athletic
you already have it. You don't want to
you can, but you lose on some of the
you emails and text messages cuz they
you have fiber. So why you need fiber
you have nailed. There are a couple
you will learn a couple of things. So,
you'll notice here is they have all
you.
you. You have a nutritionbased listicle
your ad, they enter your email and SMS.
your nutritional needs on your weight
your welcome code offer today. Use this
your you've got 50% off then you're like
