 
"Hey yo, the most common question I get
"Hey, like shop now." You see, we have
$255,000
And be sure that you test these out and
And boom, we should be all good to go.
And so, how we do that is we switch to
And then we should be good right here.
And you can see you have the Snow oral
Ashley here. We started this brand with
B so that we can go [music] here and
Breeze is going to stand out a lot more.
Breeze, completely made up. Feel free to
Breeze. You have these ones that are
Brian's the founder's name. I just made
But none of that matters if you have
Care and then also you see mixed in Josh
Corbin from Breeze. When you go through
Got question? Just hit reply. I actually
Here's another example right here from
Hersh at Live Fresh. Hi, Kelly. Hope
How friendly. I just want to check in
I know this time of year moves quickly.
I love what they do here. It's just
I'm going [music] to click save real
I'm going to click this email. Going to
I've trained it on this. You might have
I've used to help triple this brand's
It is a good length right here. Pause.
It's not like you just be completely
It's not too blocky. It's not too
Josh. Amazing. They have those emails,
Just copy and paste in the email that I
Maybe I'd want to bold some different
Michelle. Super friendly, super
Much love, Corbin. If you're ready to
Now, here's another brand that leans
Perfect. And this is the layout that we
So you need to have a system like this
So, if you want the exact strategy that
Thank you for watching.
There are some brands that I've seen who
This is perfect. This is what we want.
This might seem boring, but this is how
Two, we only want to have one to two at
We all reach that moment where we're
We have 200 plus styles. Try checking
We're verified by 40 patents, 26
You can see it's just plain text. It
[music] And boom, it looks just like a
[music] Here's the truth. Creatine is
[music] So, building it in Clavio is
[music] and paste this. Just going to
[music] dissolves fully digest clean and
[music] email this is and the psychology
[music] get on these emails, they get
[music] here. All right. So I'm doing
[music] say it in the PS section. Let's
a brand trying to oversell. It's like
a graphic designer involved. You can
a great abandonment flow textbased
abandonment flows? Here's an example of
action down here at the end saying,
actually building this inside of Claio.
actually do something similar, we need
amazing. The only thing that I would
amounts of money from your emails with
an essay. The thing that graphic emails
and it's going to waste your use of a
and see if there's anything we can do to
and that's why it converts so well. And
and then clicking send. But that's
and then once we [music] do this, we can
another sad club soda. So, you can see
another unique selling proposition to
answer all of these questions right
appealing. People still like to have
applies to the subscribers on your email
approach works so well because people
are all good. I prefer just like for so
are executing [music] this to absolute
are going to have it write us an email
aren't gender [music] specific. In fact,
as simple [music] as typing some text
attention and stands out. And the same
back over to Clavio. Add the link and
barely any work. Just like this brand,
behind it. And this type of email is a
better for deliverability. You stood out
bigger improvements when they start
bit back and forth with this. And so it
black text. And it's why a lot of these
blue and underlined, it's really going
brain. Super easy. All that we're going
brands. You can see how much revenue
but it performs really well. Textbased
but then they have like the sort of
but whatever works. Now, let's get to
buy from big name brands because they
call to actions. You need to make sure
campaign with zero design and zero
campaigns. Do one sort of like general
can interrupt things with these
can see right here now it's tying the
change it to Aerial. It's the most
characters. Try having Brian from
choose any one of these like graphic
claim 10% off on the items you've been
claim yours, here's this discount. Claim
click whatever list that I'm sending it
closer to the brand. And this personal
comes up all [music] the time. Isn't
coming from a real person or Corbin from
coming out and then shop now. Cheers,
commonly [music] asked question and then
convert better. I'm not sure. Test it
copy and paste this. I'm going to paste
corporate email that just is going to
corporations. See, back in 2015 or
corporations. [music] We saw this after
couple things that you need to be sure
crazy email flow to set this [music]
create campaign right here. I'm [music]
create, but maybe test doing like Sarah
create. We can click right here the
creatine is only for men and how it is
creatine just for guys? Totally fair
creatine monohydrate. That means it
creating these plain text emails is just
didn't include any [music] discounts and
didn't pick up the plain text base. And
different call to actions within your
different options, whatever you want,
difficult. It flows well. That's because
distracting. Buy our stuff. Buy our
do, whether it's a campaign or flow, all
doesn't leave you feeling bloated or
doing, your brain is just naturally
done here is I've answered the question.
easiest way to make more money is by
edit our copy right inside of here and
educational one like the example that I
email [music] list, watch this next
email marketing strategy and I have a
email, they're much more likely to
email. And this also works on smaller
email. Hey, Freda, it's Michelle, the
emails are just one small part about
emails can be skimmed. [music] While
emails together. You don't have to do
emails work so well is because they're
emails. First thing is you want as
emails. Now, before we dive into how to
energy, muscle recovery, brain function,
especially if it just tastes like
exactly how you waste extra engagement
example right here of answering this
examples. And what I love more than the
experts on staff, fully committed to
eyeing. Use this code on your next
fast and even use chat GPT to help you
fast with my custom GPT. So if you go to
find something that you love." And
first link, you can book a call with us
for boys with exceptional quality made
for your brand. And there's all sorts of
founder and you don't want it to come
founder of Create. Want to send a quick
founder of Velvet Caviar. So, a lot of
founder, Brian, about I don't know if
four graphic based emails to one
friend is sending you a message. It's
friendly in these emails. Mix in some
from Breeze right here where it's very
from Breeze. Breeze is a brand that
from Snow. We can see this was an email
from create. Maybe a woman is going to
from everything else by having that
from one email. And the crazy part is it
from you, you can literally create
fun stuff that you can try. Now, at this
generate over $200 million for brands,
generating [music] absolutely ridiculous
gift that always gets used. Hey friend,
giving a discount at the end. What about
go through how we can create these
going to do Brian from create and then
going to say test textbased right here.
graphic and straight from the founder.
graphic emails. We want the emails to
graphic sort of stuff. And there's a
graphic work in it. Now, I know that
graphic. And then you have Corbin from
great for women. And then we are going
gritty like the old school powders do.
have it write a campaign. So I need to
have on textbased emails is that graphic
have the branded ones which are just
having more people to send emails to.
heavily into this as well. This is Snow.
help you complete your purchase. We save
here is an eight figureure brand making
here is what it is going to pop out for
here's the mindset I'm carrying into the
here's what we got. Hey, it's Brian,
here, you can see how often they are
here. Short, to the point, super
highly recommend that if you're the
holding a lot of women back from seeing
how most people mess these up. Now,
if you have something super important,
inbox today, 99% of all the emails out
increases buyer resistance. [music] When
insane engagement rates and they get
instead. Maybe a dot dot dot right here.
interact with it and convert from it.
is a banger [music] textbased email that
is reaching [music] out to me." So, we
is the time you save putting these
is your sign to give it a try. Your
is, "What does Breeze taste like?" It
is, I want a textbased email from the
it are they going to talk about like how
it didn't take us any extra work because
it goes directly to the site. And that
it that extra personal little touch
it's going to show just like it would in
it's just super personal. It's like,
it's super friendly. Hope that helps.
it's super friendly. This brings you
it's very catchy bte. Add commas
just [music] do these yourself super
just for men. Actually, no. Let's do the
just from this. But I'm going to say I
just like a friend is sending you an
just make up a character. And I highly
just showed you. And then have one
just want to buy from faceless
key flows. Your welcome flow, make sure
know that a textbased email is a
know that they are trying to sell you
know that. But look at Chat GPT go. And
know, it's visually appealing. And so
landed in the inbox cuz these emails are
least send twoish textbased emails every
let's talk about creatine [music]
let's talk about creatine plus woman.
like warm wishes. and then linking back
like, you know, reaching out not as like
link back to this main website. Head
list. When they see a plain text email
little words as possible. [music] Do not
local businesses. And this brand right
look super super made up and artificial,
looks just like a friend on Gmail and
lowc cost, low effort to put together,
make it blue. Maybe bold it. And then we
make sure that it is under 250 words.
make sure you have one. Your post-p
make this over 250 words. Don't make it
makes sense. Buying a drink you found on
many women have lower natural creatine
marketing campaign and it knows exactly
marketing channel. But most people think
maybe I get rid of that M dash because
men or how women like creatine? Uh, so
menu and it's going to give us a few
message with no direct response, then
message, then people are going to see
millions of dollars every month, but
mix in a little bit of social proof.
mixed in that feel like the friend. And
mixing in these textbased emails. They
more negative reactions because
most call to actions within the
names. So something like this right here
no, it won't make you bulky or cause
nobody to send your emails to. The
note because there's a myth that still
notice like the examples that I've shown
novelty. So instead, I want you to have
now button right here. [music] I'll just
objections. Create uses 100% soluble
of them. But if you send a generic
one button, which is just highlighted in
one goal in mind. Create cool clothes
one of the most studied and effective
one textbased email in each one of your
online, they probably have a lot of
options. What we're going to do is we
or an email is the most read section. So
order. Claim my discount. Thanks for
out these bestsellers. I'm sure you'll
overall strength, and those benefits
overwhelming. If you put so many
people are like, "Holy the founder
people can read it. Super easy. I just
perfection. Let me show you a couple of
performance on these emails, you will
personal, and it literally feels like
personal, and it makes people look like
plain text email and your customers are
plain text email. That means an email
plain text emails work and how to use
plain text emails. You don't get to have
plain text just [music] like this. And
plus woman. And this is probably going
point, you know exactly how to make
points, but we click shop now. And then
preview email to myself [music] so that
preview text. It's just how those are
probably do is just add a clear call to
protection that's out there, people
proven that the PS section of a letter
purchase flow. own win back flow. And
quality form [music] like ours. So, you
question, but it's a myth and it's
questions. So rather than send some like
quick and just add in right here. I'm
rare. So you don't want to overdo your
rates just off these types [music] of
rates. So try to max out at one to two
read these. So, that [music] just gives
readable f font right here. And then
ready to read whatever you put in front
real performance and recovery gains.
real person, it immediately grabs your
really good results. But the best part
recommend to have a PS section within
research studies. Uh we have 12 dental
right here called the email marketing
right here it shows up as Brian from
right here. So creatine gummies pretty
right here. So, we love this. This is
rolling with us. So, you are more than
room for this graphic sort of stuff. You
run through that. I'm going to copy
say for right here. This last question
say, "I noticed you were browsing our
scams online, people preferred to just
season. And then it just talks about how
season. Present is the present and that
section right here, we want to click
sells THC infused drinks. And for
set up. So, I'm going to add is creatine
show up just like they would in
shows up native to your [music] inbox,
simple. Now, I'm going to show you how
single month to your list in your
single one of your abandonment flows,
site and didn't find a case you liked.
skim a block of text. So, we want to
so it gave us like this right here,
social proof. Help yourself stand out.
some crazy design. You don't need to get
some subject lines right here. So, boom.
somebody if you want, like Corbin from
somebody to buy a THC infused drink
somebody's inbox. [music]
somebody's native inbox. And so, let's
something friendly like warm wishes from
something hard, which naturally
something personal about the iPhone 16
sort of like the style that we like. So
sort of protection for them. And so,
sort of stuff. And then of course they
sounds boring, but let me explain why
specific product and overcoming
speed up the process. So, it's a very
standard creatine brand. And what I've
still looking for something meaningful
stores than men. So, they actually see
strategic places. So, I showed you this
stuff. And since that's what everybody's
super key to be inserting these [music]
super super easy. All that we want to
supplementing it. Holy cow, I didn't
supplements out there. It helps with
support other people, not these big
sure that you aren't over sending
templates cuz these are going to be
textbased email from the founder. And so
textbased email right there cuz we want
textbased email, some sort of
textbased email. Maybe a 5:1, but at
textbased email. Why textbased emails
textbased emails aren't visually
textbased emails cuz then they lose that
textbased emails have such high click
textbased emails into your flows at
textbased emails super easy and super
textbased emails, it's much harder to
textbased emails, they're really going
textbased emails, you're going to get
textbased emails. If you over send
textbased emails. You need to make sure
thank you, Brian. Founder create. PS.
that I received today. Josh from Snow, a
that comes from a real person and it
that entire opportunity is just wasted.
that it comes from an actual person. I
that makes people want to support them.
that up. But about the myth that
that we're doing is we're going to
that you're doing with your textbased
that's a little bit more promotional.
that, get overwhelmed, and leave. But if
the inbox, you see all these brand
the internet is a little risky,
the pandemic. It's, you know, support
the textonly editor. So, we go in here
them in your list to make more money.
them into [music] customers. There are a
them right where you want them. You've
them. If you've been on this fence, this
then also, I want you to send roughly
then click the link in the description,
then it's automatically going to [music]
then you can have a lot of urgency as
then you have this message and then
there are blinding graphics and
these are producing and the engagement
these three dots. So, we don't want to
these work because if you open your
these work. And also, I need to go over
these. Here's one that I absolutely love
they give off this personal sort of vibe
they know that there's going to be some
they send this super real message from
they're actually being looked after.
they're going to say creatine woman. Is
thing up because we made it stupid
this for this brand create creatine
this person is personally reaching out,
this that looks like it's coming from a
this. So, those are a few great
tie in their products right here. But
to be sparing when we send these
to do is we're going to click this main
to get extra engagement and converts
to get the attention of men, too, cuz
to give, something that feels thoughtful
to go back and forth and you can ask for
to last. This is your last chance to
to make a positive impact. It's also
to see if we're fit to scale your email
to see what it comes up with. It should
to stand out in [music] that sea of
to talk about actually the type of
to the site if you need to. Amazing. And
to try [music] LiveFresh today. And then
to use this simple method to start
to. And right when we go to this next
ton more different hacks. So, if you
trained to ignore them. And you also
trust all sorts of brands online cuz
try out different things. Try different
us write the copy. So I'm going to click
us. Sometimes you need to go a little
video and I will see you over there.
visual appeal. And part of why textbased
want it to be a plain text email with no
want me to do these sorts of hacks like
want to buy from people. They no longer
want. And boom. It's been trained on
water retention when you take high
we can send to our list. So that's how
we can take a look. And boom. We can see
we didn't need some crazy design or some
we helped make over $100,000 from one
we helped this brand make [music]
we set it up. But I really want to be
we're all good to go. I'm gonna send a
welcome to [music] be aggressive with
well. Something like this. Hey, it's
wellcopy.net/GPT,
were trusted. But today, with all the
what a textbased email is so it can help
what they like to do is they like to
whatever, when there were just a ton of
which you can get a lot of good content
with formatting. I'm going to add a shop
without adding stress to an already full
work so well is because they aren't
workouts, energy, and recovery. Well,
you and hacks that have helped me
you can get access to my custom GPT
you can gift people a bright smile and
you can see everything is right here.
you can see if I look up breeze right
you come across a plain text email like
you do it right cuz right now you've got
you have one textbased email. Every
you make it super simple and just have
you want a majority do this, but when we
you're well and keeping in good health.
you, the engagement rates that we
your order on file. Click the link below
your satisfaction. Something friendly
your textbased emails because it is
