 
30 seconds because most people that are
4 seconds. And then right here after
60 days list right here. And what I
All sorts of different stuff you can do
And if I create the segment then it's
And that could be the subject line and
And then click outside form to close,
And then you can delete whatever you
But imagine if we have a pop-up form
ButcherBox right here. And we can see
Claio gives us. So, if we go into edit
Claio looks like on the inside. I just
Email marketing is pennies compared to
Everything is just listed out for you.
Facebook ads. In email marketing, you
Figma, which is a design tool for
Hey there, I'm Max and last month I
I'd just keep it simple just with what
I'll pay it full price." And then the
It's going to have you set up all the
It's just not going to show to anybody
Limited time. I could say usually a
Now we need to set up our email
Now, in the next few minutes, I'm going
SMS, which is how you educate wary site
So here is like a designed welcome flow
So to create those segments, all we want
So typically we just want to be sending
So, just start with Claio. Now, setting
Thanks for signing up. Waiting a couple
The first thing that I'm going to do
Then list and segments are just
Then you can edit right in here and then
There's just like growth strategies, so
These went fast last time. Dot dot dot.
This is an 8 hour free course going over
Um breaking down the story including
Unengaged people, so people who have
Use template and then it is going to
We don't need to talk about that right
What we have is this flow of events and
You can change these buttons and make
You get the point. If there's anything
You got Claio set up. So, this is what
Zuckerberg raising prices whenever he
a product but they've placed no orders.
a restock. And then I could say
a template if I want to do one and
a ton of different templates that we can
a ton of different templates that you
a win back flow if somebody bought 6
abandon. So, we can go into the flows
abandoned cart reminders. We have two
abandoned checkout flow. If somebody
abandoned checkout. So, that's what I'm
abandons a cart. And then we also have
account set up, if you just go to home
account. If you're using Shopify, just
account. So, to create a new form, you
actually creating some of our email
actually delete this if you want. And
actually just added spin to win. So if
actually write emails and design them
add the Claio app. Just like that. Boom.
adjust the popup such as the size of it,
adjust this form for what we want. We
all other copy because any extra copy
all right, enough with that. Let's get
all sorts of other more advanced flows
all the options off there, do you think
all we want to do is go to flows right
also email marketing segments. So the
an engaging layout and we're able to get
an example. Free stake is back from
analytics. Once you have numbers coming
and brand. And of course we have
and buy from us. So that's the flow side
and have some fun. This is a form that I
and it'll close that form. So there's
and product categories. Follow that up
and slice up our different parts of the
and so I'd recommend that if you're kind
and then account alerts right here in
and then one that's an abandoned cart
and then the success page right here.
and this person has seen so many
and you just want it to be this
another email, I can slop this in right
any images that you want, and then for
anything you want inside of Clavio like
are the sort of emails that come from
automated emails, you have reviews if
automations then there's this video
automations. So a flow like the welcome
average of 170 different ads every
average of 30 to 50% of their total
back into Clavio. That's a bit advanced.
background color, background image, all
be a little bit bigger and then remove
be done for an example brand right here
be how is this form actually firing. So,
be there for 5 to 10 seconds. So we want
be your signup forms. So exactly how you
behavior right here, which is going to
bit taller. Change the minimum height to
brand partners. And in this video, I'm
brand. Cuz the truth is, if somebody
brand. Take 10% off your order with
but at some point if you reach a certain
but everything that you need to get your
by clicking onto this and then selecting
campaign. We could say restock. We can
campaigns which are the onetime emails
campaigns. And so with campaigns, once
can adjust and create your emails. Put
can create flow and Clavio actually has
can get all sorts of data about our
can go in here and type up some
can implement. Now, the next flow we
can see that the trigger is checkout
can use to start out or you can build
can use. We have the subject line and
can't find on my channel and I'll make
cart abandon, browse abandoned, if
case I want to do somebody has opened
change if you only want the pop-up to
changes, and it's not at risk of
channel which will help answer a lot
channel. And if your email channel isn't
checkout abandoned flow. Somebody goes
choosing all my settings, email subject
click right here and look at how many
click that button and be like, "No, I
come up. So we can see our lists and
competitors by educating them and
complete their purchase, again, we can
conditions what somebody has done. And
content such as our templates, images
control the messaging, the timing, the
could look at all these other options,
course on how to set up email marketing
create a flow template inside of Clavio
create our emails. So right here we can
customers. So I could create an engaged
dashboards and metrics that Clavio has
days and then another email and then
deep dive into Claio as the email
design these emails. And then if we
designing them and then uploading them
desktop. So, in this instance right
different images. And this is what the
different ways for you to segment
discount and by closing out they lose
discount. And then we can wait however
do is go through those steps. It's going
do is we could just create plain emails
do newsletter. And then SMS subscribers,
do whatever you want and test it out. So
doesn't buy on your website right away,
doing at least 20%, then you're leaving
don't got to worry about anything. So,
don't want this discount." And then it
e-commerce revenue just from the email
e-commerce. Don't overthink this. You
easy, and simple welcome flow that you
effective this is. So this is inside of
email addresses that you've collected.
email after that. Clavio has a template
email and SMS list. So if we go right
email and SMS. So I'd probably do
email and then have it trigger when
email at least once in the past 60 days.
email builder looks like. You can insert
email builder which typically this works
email marketing which is a ton of value
email. Making sure to not do too big
emails are we going to send them? We're
emails to our engaged segments, which
emails, which we see in my inbox, are
emails, you could see welcome to this
engine. It is your silent salesman and
everything inside your Clavia once you
everything is right here. It's pretty
everything that we're going to go over
everything that you need can be found
example. If you wanted to do like three
exclusive, then you can also do that.
exit intent cuz sometimes that can fire
expiring soon. And then listing out some
favorite template is this one right
feels like the customer already has that
fire this up for us so that we can
flow, which is going to fire whenever
flows that they have set up. So, we have
flows that we want. Then we also have
for e-commerce email marketing and how
for free on my channel. So, that wraps
for now, we're just going to start with
for their order. And then something like
for your e-commerce store and doing a
forces somebody to click this X button
form again after 5 days. Display on both
form builder. We have the different
form instantly. So I like to just do 4
form, it is just going to upload right
form, maybe I want to make it a little
form. So you can say you've got 10% off.
forms to your website just like this. If
from email marketing for my e-commerce
get people onto your email list. We need
get to creating the email and designing
get to target people who already know,
go off of for our different forms. They
go to claio.com and all you have to do
go to this home screen, it's going to be
goes to SMS and we say, "Finish signing
goes to checkout and then doesn't
going to be automated. This is something
going to be giving you a full beginners
going to be like this restock alert from
going to click engage 60. You can see on
going to name this and then we're going
going to start finding people in this
going to talk about signup forms. This
going to trigger after a customer does a
going to want again the welcome flow,
going to want the welcome flow. And at
graphic design. And all that we do is we
hasn't even seen any information about
have a desktop form and then we have
have a dummy account here. So you can
have all those basics set up, we can
have flows right over here. So, the
have it an email, SMS, or whatever we
have it connected correctly. You have
have multiple steps to gather somebody's
have on-site tracking on your account,
have one that's added to cart trigger
have that right there. Then boom, you
have the audience. So this is where all
have your sign up. If you have Shopify,
height right here and then export as an
helped generate over $9 million just
here and then set up another email just
here if we wanted to use some of their
here is what's going to be all of your
here's a 47minute video of me writing
here, we can name it test video. And
here, we're going to have this form be
here, which you can adjust to different
here. 1 day to then hit them with the
here. And it's really just that simple.
here. And that's my favorite layout, but
here. And then what you can do is you
here. Just nice and simple. Grow your
hours. We can see people who have viewed
houses the one-time emails that you're
how to set up. It's essentially anybody
how you can grow your list. You can just
how you turn one-time buyers into
image and then upload those sections
image slices because that's going to be
images right here just by clicking
images. You can see how professional and
improperly. And right here we have it at
in 2025 and 2026? I see brands that
in, you can look at the different
include an image right here. We write
information about the brand story, add
information about the brand. You can
infrastructure. Now there are a couple
inside of Claio. Edit the size and
inspiring them to take action about our
into here. And boom. This is our signup
is enter your website, sign up for an
is just do a time delay. So, typically I
is remind them of the discount and give
is the most important thing that you
is what is connected to our pop-up form.
it already is. And now we can kind of
it up with this video. Hope you got some
it's your highest ROI marketing channel.
it. We can go to email library right
just based off of the templates that
just be mobile. So, right here with this
just by looking up the checkout abandon
just edit copy right inside of here
just fine. Just have a logo right here
just like this and go back into this
just one day for example, just right
just the best when it's specifically for
kind of like main ones right here. We
kind of like those base ones that we
launching a new store and just getting
learn about all the email flows that I
leaves. Then we want post purchase once
level of scale with your business,
like a Memorial Day sale. So that's
like a lot of the strategy for Claio and
like a text box right here and then
like advanced stuff, but they walk you
like information, but I don't really
like this jewelry brand. Just applying
like to do just like 4 seconds after
like, and trust you. That's why it is
likelihood that they close out of the
limited by any sort of algorithm
line, preview text, everything right
long we want. I typically like to do
lost sales, and look at these different
made a button with a white background
main aspects of email marketing that we
main segments there's this video here.
make it mobile exclusive or desktop
make separate forms for mobile and
make some videos on that. Thank you so
marketing platform. Whether you're
marketing, I don't recommend you use any
marketing, which is the go-to platform
maybe a post-purchase flow. There are
minimum, we're going to also want the
mission statement and don't forget to
mistake here cuz this is actually
mobile and desktop. If you just want to
mobile right here. Ideally, I like to
months ago reminding them to come back
more of your questions if you have them.
much and I'll see you in the next
multi-time buyers. And the brands that
need to cover. One of them is going to
need to make sure you're able to add
need to set up when you're starting off
newsletter list right here. They have us
next message and then one day for the
next. You can see everything kind of
non-negotiable. It is your retention
now you have people joining the list.
now. If we go into Clavio, what we could
of all of them. You can even add product
of our lists and segments are going to
of starting from nothing. If you want to
of stuff right here. Literally
of things. The last thing we kind of
of your ads and go to your website. With
of your logo and then you can drop in
off with the bare minimum and we are
off. Kind of advanced. What I did is I
on my channel breaking those down. But
on your discount. That's a super quick,
or actually Clavio calls it a cart
or just like a plain popup like this.
order or you've got 10% off your first
order." Big button right here. Claim 10%
other images and then like your brand
other platform besides Clavio. I'm not
our forms right here. So, Claio gives us
our mobile form cuz that's what 80% of
out our bests sellers. So this is what
page or a flyyout, something like that,
page. We say, "Take 10% off your first
paid to say this or anything. Claio is
people are going to view. So, I'm going
people as possible without firing that
people have done that. You can see all
people. Then we have different forms of
person has to open to receive their
persons placed order in the past 36
phone number or whatever you want. My
pictures of the brand founders and some
pop-up forms is you've got 10% off. So
pop-up forms to getting email addresses.
preview text. And now we could actually
price." And so that person is forced to
products from your store as long as you
rather than clicking outside this form
rather than saying take XYZ discount, if
received at least five emails but
reminder. But, if we click onto this, we
replace, add like a branded picture,
requirements like demark, which is just
right here and browse by gold, prevent
right here, we can see there's uh
right here. I usually like to do a brand
right here. If you want to see me
scales. So, let's just zoom out a
schedule your email or send it right
second. Imagine you're a skincare brand
seconds. Remove this scroll. Remove the
sections where it's actually pulling
sections. If you want to have a look at
see campaigns, which is this is what
see it gets a lot bigger right here.
see that there's no revenue coming in,
see the trigger is somebody joins the
see using those templates how this could
segment builder looks like. is where you
segment that we're going to want to send
segment. And then it's just going to
segmenting, all the follow-up, and you
segments. We can create our segments,
selling points right here. And you can
sending an email right off the bat.
sending out to the list. And then you
sending to. So we click on to next. And
series standard. We can just do this for
set, we can go. Looks like it lost my
shop now right here. Then once we're all
should you really be focusing on email
show for a new account. All you have to
show on certain parts of your page. But
show up right here. And you can even
shows up under the subject line with
side. If you click into styles, you can
signs up for that pop-up form. What
signup forms right here. So, think like
single day, but they happen to click one
skincare brands. They're seeing an
social media links right here.
some copy on whatever we want and then
some revenue on the table cuz this stuff
somebody buys a product thanking them
somebody joins our email list. Somebody
somebody joins the newsletter list which
somebody loads their page, we're going
somebody views a product and then
something like a,000. And then we can
something like restock new favorites as
something like this, like the welcome
something like this. Change the size to
something like we're so happy to have
something that you can do. You can also
specific action on your website such as
specific questions or anything that you
spend six figure a month on ads but
start off with the welcome flow for
started or you're scaling an existing
started. So, Clavio actually has a big
steps up here. So, we have the teaser,
still struggle to make a profit. Why is
store, email marketing is an absolute
story email as the next one here. So, we
straightforward, but you can add in
sub headline with some body copy and
subject line and preview text. But once
subscribers newsletter. Once we create
success page just start shopping right
summed up for you. And then you can
super large size. usually about 500 in
tactical. For setting up your email
talked about and the strategy behind
targeting if you want automatically.
templates and try to edit based on their
templates or we could start from scratch
templates right here inside this dummy
that discount. So I'd probably do
that says, "No thanks. I'll pay it full
that you add is going to increase the
that you can add. So if I want to add
that you can do and I have other videos
that you want these people to join. So I
that you're blasting out to the list
that you're sending out to the list. So
that's a little bit on signup forms and
that's how many people we're going to be
that's okay, cuz email is going to give
that's set in stone. So we have this as
that's what the majority of these
that. And then we can actually create
that? It is because they are neglecting
the branding, putting in the different
the campaigns are the onetime emails
the checkout abandon are the two main
the different parts of our list that we
the different sizes, what sort of images
the display. You can change the
the email optin and then the SMS optin
the flow builder looks like right here.
the highest ROI platform on the planet.
the last email, doing something like why
the onboarding checklist, which it'll
the preview text. So let's say this was
the subject line and then preview text.
their backend, which is with email and
their email address and stand out from
them a little bit of brand information.
them and templates behind all the
them bigger. Just play around with it
then list some bestsellers right here
then preview text uh is going to be what
then we can see our different segments.
then we choose the metric. So in this
then we have different templates that we
then you can also do targeting and
then you have the different steps like
then you have these different actions
then you're going to put in the list
there for you to complete. So once we
there. Typically for the welcome series,
these other segments that I have. So,
they are just going to buy the first
they're going to join the SMS
they've clicked email zero times. People
they've opened email zero times and
things however you want. You can
this because their documents and
this brand. This is something that's not
this in right here. Then you click on
this is a segment which I can show you
this is the email that they did. These
this list there are 2,300 people. So
this should already be connected for
this sort of stuff you can update. And
though is start it off here on the left
three emails for Gym Shark and then
through it step by step. So I don't want
through steps on making sure that you
time they visit your site? Probably not.
to Claio for them to be sent. There's
to actually join your email list. So, if
to be the automated emails which are
to brand, whatever your brand is. And
to buy. And unlike ads, email isn't
to change the targeting right here to
to checkout and then leaves, we're going
to create this. But typically, we're
to do is go to audience list and
to fire it instantly cuz the person
to have you set up a brand and email.
to highlight a couple videos on my
to is the engaged 60 days. Now, I want
to know to get started with Clavio email
to make sure we're getting as many
to offer. But we're just going to start
to send them to engaged people. So I'm
to set it up the right way. Now, why
to talk about our flows which are going
to use this pop-up form. We don't want
to walk you through everything you need
to want the cart abandoned flow and then
to waste too much time going through
today. So, if we start off here, we can
touch that. Then you have audience. So,
turn those live, create a mobile
typically for forms, what I like to do
typically like to do. I make this full
up Claio is super easy. Literally just
up for 10% off. Claim now or no thanks.
us multiple chances to actually get them
use one of those templates. So let's
use this discount code because it's
value and let me know if you have any
version, create a desktop version. So
visiting your website are only going to
visitor closes the form, don't show this
visitors into actual buyers. And it's
waiting 4 days and then doing a check
want kind of up here by deleting these
want to get live. So to set up flows,
want to receive our emails. We just want
want to send emails to people who don't
want to send to. And this is what the
want to talk about is something like the
want to touch on is the campaigns, which
want. We click continue. And then we
wanted to bring these into Clavia, what
wants. Email is your owned channel. You
we click on to sign up forms right here,
we stand out and kind of a last chance
we would do is use this slice feature
we're all ready to go, I'll just fill
we're in this tab, we can just create a
we're working with are generating an
welcome 10 and then a button. You have a
what it looks like on mobile, then you
what sort of a it is, whether it's full
what we want to do in this first email
whatever you want here. You can also
which allows you to be able to actually
which gives them an enticing offer and
which is going to be this little box
who has opened our emails cuz we don't
who have bounced in the past 10 days.
who's already on your email list. But
with a our story email just like this.
with email marketing is getting people
with your segments. Typically, the main
wording that I see work best with uh
would do is I would choose the
write whatever you want for the email.
you can also add your buttons. So say
you can cancel that. Just essentially
you can see that I have different
you click on right here, it'll walk you
you could have it show to anybody,
you do reviews with Claio. You have the
you have lists and segments. And then
you have profiles. So profiles right
you say you've got psychologically it
you want to do spin to wins, that's
you want. Maybe you don't want an image
you write some copy uh maybe we want to
you're confused about, then there's tons
you're going to be switching to Claio.
you, but you have to make sure you have
you. Here's your discount. And then the
your buttons. You can change the sizes
your own. In this case, we can actually
your subject lines in here like welcome
your website. But we don't want to wait
