Hey, today I'm going to be building a
system that can turn a single click into
thousands of highquality ad creatives
that reproduce winning static image ads
using NADN and OpenAI. I'm going to
build the whole system live in front of
you. Going to keep in the detours and
any stumbling blocks along the way and
you guys can catch the template in the
description. Let's get into it.
All right, here's a demo of the working
system. It is a simple AI agent
connected to a backend image spinner
flow. The way that it works is we have a
source folder in Google Drive. What we
do is we upload images that we want our
ad system to spin, aka make slight
changes to. And in order to do that, all
you have to do is go on Google images
and just grab high quality ad creatives,
take a screenshot, and literally pop
them in here. Once you're done with
that, we have a destination folder where
all of the ads are going to be generated
in. Head over to the agent, put in a
prompt like in this case, light blue,
pastel tones, cute style, Saraf and
Sans, Sarah fonts, flat and minimalistic
design, include outlines, company name
is leftclick, and add the logo plus a
cute little mouse pointer in the bottom
right hand corner of the designs. CTA is
build scalable systems today and then
generate two samples per image. What
this is doing is now running our image
generation or image spinner prompt. The
way that this works under the hood is we
take the original image, we analyze the
image to generate a very detailed
description using this node right over
here. Once we have that description, we
then feed it into AI and generate what
are called change requests. And then
finally, we feed in those change
requests into GPT image 1 alongside the
original source image. This allows us to
vary essentially an infinite variety of
things in the source image and make it
extremely high quality while still
retaining the core elements that made
that ad pop. And then once all is said
and done, what we've done is we
generated a bunch of basically spun
versions of the original source ad. The
value in this is we still get to stay
pretty close to a template that has just
clearly and obviously won, right? Like
there's a reason why this company
Spotify, which I know and love, is
running an ad like this. Odds are it's
successful. They've done some testing on
it. So, we can actually take advantage
of that testing money and use it to spin
a working ad concept or formula and then
post it on our own. Yeah. You know, the
idea is we don't just do this one shot
perfectly. What we do is we generate
dozens, hundreds, potentially thousands
of ads and then all a creative agency
team does is it just goes through this
destination Google folder after sending
in the request and then odds are one of
these ones that we've generated is going
to be sufficient if not really good for
ads. You can also theoretically just
take all these and hook them up directly
to some sort of ad system and then just
test them against each other. This sort
of iteration is soon to be
extraordinarily common in the PPC space.
Hey, so this is a live build. I haven't
done any of the building yet. All I have
is a hope and a prayer and an idea and a
rough scope. My anvas is completely
blank and I'm just going to walk you
guys through my entire thought process
from start to finish. Haven't actually
built this thing before. The inspiration
behind this system is this. I came
across a Spotify ad studio ad and I
asked myself, hey, could I spin this
with a GBT image 1? And then a few days
ago when I was designing an AI graphic
design agent, I actually used it as a
template and then asked AI to modify it
a little bit. This is what I ended up
getting. So, I consider this a very
highquality spin. Obviously, it's
different, but you know, I changed the
key elements here. Changed the logo, I
changed the company name, changed the
um, you know, obviously brand colors, I
changed some of the text here. And then
we turned this from a real image into
sort of a cartoon thing. When I saw
this, I started thinking immediately as
somebody that used to run a PPC agency,
well, what's stopping me from not just
generating one of these things, but
what's stopping me from generating 50 of
these things? And then, you know, maybe
one of them ends up being that perfect
ad combination that I really, really
like. Then I thought a little bit more
about how, well, you know, when I was
doing this conversion over here, I
hardcoded it. You know, I said, "Oh, I
want a blue thing. I want it to say
automations never felt so good." And so
on and so forth. But that sort of
ideation is perfect for AI. So what if I
just have AI do all that stuff? I could
actually take a template or a series of
templates and then have AI ideulate a
bunch of changes to those templates and
then I could have them generate multiple
templates. And then after we generate
multiple templates, I can have generate
multiple ad variants. And then from
there, we could just take all those ad
variants and test them against each
other back when I was doing PPC stuff,
which you know, admittedly I was not
incredible at, but I was pretty good
with stuff like this was part and parcel
of our workflow. So my idea is if we do
this right, we can save any sort of PPC
agency that does this stuff at scale
like 80% plus of their creative time,
maybe even their copy time too,
depending on how good it is. Okay, so
this is not like a joke. This is a major
system upgrade. I work with creative
agencies all the time. This sort of
thing like makes a pretty big
difference. And over the course of the
next however freaking long this video
is, I'm going to run through logic that
will allow us to build like a
productized solution that we can very
easily sell to creative agencies or we
could use in our own companies with just
like an input and a simple output. Okay,
so here is the idea. First, we're going
to provide a source creative Google
Drive folder to the client and the team.
The idea is all we do is we just give
people, you know, this this box and this
box is what they use to interact with
the system. Okay, so they put a bunch of
templates in this box. Templates being
like um you know inspiration basically,
other sorts of ads that they really like
and so on and so forth. And then the box
does some super cool magic. And then
what comes out is a bunch of results, a
bunch of ads, a bunch of spun copy and
creative. So the only thing that they
see is this box. The only thing that
they have to deal with is this Google
Drive. So then whatever is in that
Google Drive folder, we're going to make
the source material for our templating
flow. When you ask the model to create
something for you, the idea is we take
the input and then we spin it 100 times.
We then feed in a 100 variations of
those spinned prompts into GPT image one
which will output each of those spins
and the results are then deposited in a
result creative Google Drive folder and
then you or the team, you know, is like
an advertising agency or whatever, you
just pick the best five out of the 100.
You don't have to do 100, you could do a
thousand. Hell, you could do 10,000.
It's just about the budget. And then the
more spins you have, the more bites of
the apple or whatever you allow this
model to do, the higher the statistical
probability that one of them will be a
standout knockout ad. And you know, like
an experienced creative person will be
able to see this at bird's eye view. So
yeah, you know, whether or not you take
this and then you give this sort of
thing to a person or whether you take
this and then you just immediately
publish it, like the world really is our
oyster at this point. And uh I guess
there's some solid implications there as
to like where the job of a designer is
going in uh 2025, 2026 and beyond. Okay,
so here is the rough scope. Here's, you
know, above was just the idea. Here's
how I'm actually thinking of doing this
thing in practice, converting this grand
concept into some sort of workable
endflow. I'm going to start by creating
some Google Drive folders. Then I'm
going to grab images in source creative.
I'm going to build an AI agent with a
tool call that returns 100 variations of
a prompt. And then another agent tool
call is going to process 100 images with
GPT image one, which will then add to
result creative. And then I'm just going
to notify the team in some way and I'll
say, "Hey, your results are ready. Check
out this Google Drive." And then, you
know, like if you want to make any
changes or whatever, you can. And we're
going to keep it simple. This isn't
going to be like super intent. I'm not
going to deposit it in their project
management system or whatever. We're
just going to do this like blackbox sort
of thing where it's like in a Google
Drive. And the only thing you have to do
is communicate with that Google Drive
because I find that, you know, the
audience that I'm targeting here of the
creative agency folk. They usually
aren't like the most like technically
intense. I don't really want to give
them too many steps or anything like
that. And this is just like the approach
that I personally do anytime I'm
building something. I care more about
the adherence than I do the actual like
complexity of the system. All right. All
right. So, let's actually go with it.
First thing we got to do is we got to
create Google Drive folders. There are
two Google Drive folders I'm going to
do. What did I call that one? Source
creative. So, let's go source creative.
And then this one over here will be
best. That sounds better. So, do I need
anything in Nadn for this? No, obviously
not. What I'm going to do is I'm going
to go over to my Google Drive. And then
what I'm going to do is I'll create a
folder. This folder is just going to be
called oneclick equals 1,000 ad
creatives. That sounds sufficiently
clickbaity for us. I'm going to give
this a click. And then inside of this
folder, I'm going to have two. I'm going
to have source folder.
Then I'm going to have destination
folder. And actually, I should just
because Google Drive likes to organize
these things like alphabetically. I'm
going to go one source folder to
destination folder. Okay. And now once
I'm in here, what I can do is I can open
this ID in my URL over here. Just copy
this. It'll be a lot easier for us to
find it later. I'm going to call this uh
let's see, oneclick equals 1,000 ad
creatives. I'm going to tag this as NADN
course just because I'm compiling a big
course that I'll probably recut the
stuff into later. And now what I want to
do is I just want to verify can I get
the data to this folder. Okay, can I get
the thing in the folder? So search files
and folders. That's what I'm going to
do. That's how we're going to start this
flow. What you need to do in order to
make this work is you need to connect
your Google Drive account. In order to
do this, head over to Open Docs and then
there are a few steps you have to
follow. You have to start by creating a
Google Cloud Console project. You have
to enable your Google Drive API. You
have to configure your OOTH consent
screen. Create your Google OOTH client
credentials. Finish your NAD
credentials. I know this sounds pretty
scary and intimidating. It's not.
Configuring your OOTH consent screen is
literally you just copying this right
over here to Google Drive. It even tells
you as much and then's done a great job
of like moving towards a simplified
version of connections. And then once
you're done, you just click sign in with
Google. It'll then open a tab and then
you just click the account that you want
to sign in with and then you're good to
go. So, um that's what I've done. Uh now
that I have done this, I'm going to
close this. This Google Drive is now
connected. And then uh what I'm going to
do is I'm just going to find files or
folders inside of the Google Drive that
I just showed you guys. Okay. And in
order to do that, we just go down to
folder. We can actually just manually
hardcode it. We don't actually need the
ID. We can select it using an ID if we
want, but we don't have to. What was
that one called back there? Number one
dot source folder. So now we should find
the source folder. There we go. There it
is. And now what are we doing? We're
just looking for files inside of source
folder realistically. So, in order for
this to actually find something, like
I'm going to click execute. It's going
to find nothing. But in order for it to
find something, we actually need to add
something in here. So, I don't know. Why
don't I just find some ad creative
example? Just going to go back to images
and then let's use Facebook ad creatives
cuz I just want to find an example of
like a Facebook ad that we could spin
really quickly. Uh, this one looks
pretty good. You see where it says
change your practice management software
by zero. Yeah, these guys are awesome.
Love this ad. This looks fantastic. I'm
just going to go over here, copy this.
I'm going to paste this in here. Okay,
notice how this image doesn't have to be
super high quality. I don't believe it
needs to be because I did some
preliminary testing as I showed you and
uh it works pretty well. So, okay, now
that this is in here, we should be able
to run this. And when we run this, we
should be able to get a file. And we
did, right? We got a file with the ID.
Now, this is I consider really
important. We need a super simple flow
where a graphic designer, some creative
director can spot an ad they like and
just dump a bunch of stuff into this
Google Drive. How simple of a workflow
is that, right? Insane. So, okay, cool.
So now that we've verified that we can
actually get the data in here. Our first
step here is actually done. I always
like to keep track where I'm at. So we
just created a Google Drive folder. Now
we can get the images in the source
creative folder. We finished that as
well. The next step is we need to build
an agent with a tool call that returns
100 prompt variations. This may sound
like magic, but what am I trying to do
here? Okay. Well, we have an image. Now
that we have an image, what we need to
do is we need to get a description of
the image because what we need to do is
we need to flip that description or spin
it a million times uh with AI. and then
have AI alter that and then feed in all
those alterations into a prompt which is
ultimately going to generate us an
image. If that all sounds like
witchcraft to you, don't sweat it. I'll
show you guys what I mean. Okay, very
first thing we have to do after this is
we have to download the file. The reason
why we have to do that is because this
file is currently not like accessible to
us. What this file is is this is just an
ID. We're searching for it. So, I'm
going to click download file and what
I'm going to do is I'm going to download
the file and I'm going to get it inside
of NAN. So, I'm going to go buy ID. I'm
just going to feed in this ID. What we
have here is we've now mapped this. If I
click execute step, we should get the
actual image inside of naden. So click
view here. And what we've done is we've
taken this from our Google Drive and
we've actually like funneled it directly
into this canvas. If you guys are
self-hosting, it is now on your server
and so on and so forth. So once we're
here, I can now pin all of these
outputs. Now that they're pinned, what
I'm going to do is I'm going to go into
OpenAI and I'm going to get an analyze
an image right over here. In order to
connect to OpenAI, it's the same sort of
deal. Um, this is actually a much easier
connection than anything else. What you
have to do is you have to create your
open AI account. You have to add about
$5 in credits at least as of the time of
this recording. And then what you do is
you get your API key, which you can get
if you just click on this page right
over here. They make it really nice and
easy. After that, paste it in, click
connect, and then you are connected. So
anyway, there are variety of different
things we could ask AI to tell us about
this image. What I'm going to do is I'm
just going to select GPT40, and I'm just
going to start with what's in this
image. Now, because this is a binary
file, we have to go um from image URLs
to binary file. And then the input data
field name is going to be data. And
basically, it's just always whatever
this is. Okay, this is a really weird
convention um but just always pick
whatever the name of that little um
orange section snippet is. So, what
happens if I click this? Well, this is
now being sent over to AI and AI is
going to process it. And uh it doesn't
look like this is working right now
because it's saying that we didn't find
it. I think this is because you're not
actually allowed to pin data outputs. I
know it's kind of annoying, but maybe
we'll pin these two and then when it
downloads it, we won't we'll have the
unpinned version and we should we should
make it work. I don't know. I'm just
going to click execute. Let's see what
happens. So, that worked. Okay. The fact
that it's taken some time means it it's
probably working. We're going to see.
Okay. The image shows a person sitting
with a laptop smiling. There's a paper
with text and a downward arrow icon
overlaid on the image. Below there's
text that says, "Change your Pascus
management software. The background is
blue." This is pretty good, but it's not
as good as it could be if you think
about it, right? Like, what is this
telling us? I think that personally
there's more information on here than
just that. You know, the backdrop of the
woman, for instance, the woman's hair,
you know, what the woman is wearing.
Obviously, like this little background
here as well looks to be like it's some
sort of, I don't know, accounting stuff
practice management software. This is
good, but I'm not seeing a dark sort of
overlay behind it. I think we could
probably upgrade this. I'm a big fan of
being hyper specific. So, let's just see
if we can get this even more specific.
And the more specificity we get,
probably the higher quality our spinning
is going to be. So, what I'm going to
say here is what's in this image,
describe it extremely comprehensively.
Leave nothing out. Okay. Now, I'm going
to run this flow again, and we're going
to see if this prompt is maybe a little
bit different. And if this is
sufficient, then it's sufficient. We'll
just move on. The image features a
promotional graphic with a bright blue
background. In the center, there's a
layered design featuring a photograph of
a person sitting with a laptop. She's
wearing a light colored blazer and
jeans, smiling at the background of lush
green foliage. Overlapping the
photograph is a document on paper with
text and a grid-like table partially
visible. Okay, great. So, now we're
freaking talking. This is hyper
specific. This describes it as good, if
not better, than I would. This is great.
This is exactly what we wanted. Now that
we have this sort of description, we can
actually just pin this output because
that description is what we're going to
use next. Okay, so if you think about
it, there's now a million other things
that we could do here. Like, I could use
another OpenAI node and then have that
generate a 100 variations of this. And I
think that's probably what I'm going to
do. And then after that, what I could do
is I could feed that into an agent and
have the agent maybe select the template
or something like that. Like we'll see.
But um okay, what I'm going to do next
is let's go back to OpenAI now. And
where it says message a model, what I'm
going to do is we'll connect with the
same credential resource message and
model. Model I'm going to use for this
is GBT4.1. The reason why is because as
of the time of this recording, this is
the largest context window model that I
could do. And in in our case, we're
going to need a very long context
window. Also, this one's pretty high
quality and it's not super expensive.
It's not like GBT4.5 or anything. So
this is sufficient for me. First thing
I'm going to do is I'll change ro to
system. And then for prompt I'll say
you're a helpful intelligent prompt
rewriting assistant. You help rewrite
prompts. And now what I'm going to do is
I'm going to add a user prompt which is
where I actually give it the
instructions. This over here is just how
it is defined, how it identifies. I
guess this over here is like what it
does and what I want it to do. And the
first thing I would do is I always
provide some context. So I've generated
an image description. I want you to
rewrite it in let's just do 25. Well, I
guess for test purposes, let's just do
five different ways. No, let's do 20.
Uh, yeah, let's do five different ways
for now. And we can scale this up later.
I want you to rewrite it in five
different ways given the following
input. And then here, I'm going to have
the input from the user that requests a
specific thing. So, back in the example
that I gave you guys, that would be for
instance blue background leftclick add
studio mouse icon button text that says
this, right? Like this is what I'm going
to feed in some highle instructions and
I'm going to have it generate me a
description of all the things that I
want. So, I've generated an image
description. I want you to take that
image description
and then give me five variants of it
based on the following input.
And I'll say input uh and then in this
case, let's see like how do we want to
modify this test, right? Like we should
probably have some modifications. Let's
say we want it bright orange. We want a
cartoonish
character in the middle. We want text
saying instead of change your practice
management software, maybe we want like
upgrade your systems today, you know,
and then like a logo of a company,
leftclick
logo,
bottom right hand corner, which is just
a mouse icon. Let's say a mouse pointer
icon. Okay, I don't know if this is
going to work. We're going to give it a
try. Okay, what I'm going to do here is
I'm going to pretend that this is my
like dynamic input. We're just going to
feed it in a static input for now.
Return your output in the following
format. And we're going to do JSON
format. What I'm going to do is let me
just open this up and then zoom way in
on this. We're going to say variance.
And now we're going to have an array.
And then we're going to have first image
search modified image description,
second modified image description, and
then we'll go
etc. And it should pick up on that.
Okay, so we should have an object now
with a key called variance with a value
that is an array that says first
modified image description, second
modified image description, etc. Then
rules. Your task is to generate new
descriptions
that we will later feed into an image
generation model.
New descriptions based on the changes
that we will later feed into the image
generation model. But do not change
anything that is not explicitly
specified.
Only change that which is requested.
Do not modify the image prompt. Maybe
I'll just leave that out for now. We'll
just give this a test. Yeah, I think
that's probably what we'll probably do.
I'll click output content as JSON and
then under temperature, we'll go 0.7.
Now, what I'm going to do now is I just
want to click execute step. And I just
want to see can we generate five
variants for now that we can then later
feed into AI alongside some sort of
template. Okay. A bright orange
background with a cartoonish character
in the center featuring the text upgrade
systems today. Above the character, the
leftclick logo depicted as a mouse
pointer icon is placed at the bottom
right hand corner. On a vibrant orange
background, a playful cartoon character
stands in the middle of the words
upgrade your systems today. Okay, this
is kind of cool. But what I wanted is I
wanted variance. I didn't just want like
the text to be slightly varied. What I
wanted were actual variants. So,
so take the original input, modify the
original description, and then generate
four other variants
with slight modifications to things like
color, style, copy,
etc. Do not change company names.
Do not massively modify. Massively is a
relative term. We should avoid relative
terms. Do not make large changes, only
small ones. And then after this, what I
could do is I I actually give it some
examples of what I want. Um, if I just
give it one example of what I want, then
it'll do a lot better than me just
asking it. Hey,
systems now system I upgrade system.
Okay, we should actually have it
with modifications. Things like color,
style, copy, etc. do not Okay, instead
of slight modifications, I'll go
modifications should now modify the
colors and stuff.
Okay, upgrade your systems today.
Upgrade your digital systems. Enhance
your systems today. Cool. All right,
that's that's reasonable. It's not a big
deal. Okay, we're now going to pin this
output. And now, what do we do from
here? Well, we can actually get into
like the image generation side of
things. Um the way to do image
generation there are a couple different
ways. What you can do is you can just
copy this. Okay. Then you can paste it
in and then under resource you change
this to image. And now you can actually
generate an image. You do that with GPT
image one. The issue is the image that
we are going to generate with this is
not going to be very good. Okay. And I'm
going to show you guys what I mean here.
Uh let me just set a hard-coded limit.
Let me just unpin this. Sorry. Let me
just set an example of what I mean here.
You know, our original image that we fed
in just to be clear was this, right? And
we went and we described it. Now we're
trying to regenerate it just with GPT
image. But as you can see here, this
bears very little resemblance to the
source image. Now, the reason why you
can't generate images like I'm talking
about with this method is simply because
the model is way too flexible. So we
have to do is we have to constrain the
hell out of this flexibility by instead
of asking it to do it just with text. We
actually have to combine text and a
template of the image. Now a template of
the image might sound like witchcraft to
you guys but you can do this. You can
actually feed in a template. The trick
is you don't say it's a template. What
you say is hey this is a source image. I
want you to make an edit cuz OpenAI's
GBT image 1 currently has an edit
functionality. So what we can do is we
can feed in a source image. We can say I
want you to slightly edit this according
to this. and then we'll get the exact
same output as if it were using a
template or scaffolding or something
like that. So yeah, we can't just
generate the image. What we have to do
is we have to modify it. Unfortunately,
just based off my experience with the
style guide generator, there is no way
to modify it just directly built in. You
do have to do a custom API call, which
is kind of annoying. So what I'm going
to do is I'm going to set up a custom
API call. Now I'm going to be kind of
lazy. I'm just going to feed in the API
call from my previous one over here, but
I'll show you guys how all that stuff
works. No problem. We're going to
generate the image using GPT image one.
Okay. So, what is this? This is an HTTP
request module. The method is post. The
URL is api.opena.com/v1/im
images/edits. The authentication is a
predefined credential type. If you've
never used this before, what that means
is you click on it, you scroll down
under credential type, you just find the
thing you want, open AAI, and then even
though you don't actually have any sort
of built-in endpoint, this can reuse the
credentials that you've created for NAND
built-ins, which is super convenient.
And then you just select your key here.
And I have a bunch of different ones.
I'm just going to roll with this. Now,
what you do next is you click send body
form data. And there are three
parameters. The first is form data
model, and this is GPD-image- one. The
second is nadn binary file and then it's
image and then input data. Field name is
data. Lastly, we have parameter type
which is form data and then prompt. Down
over here is where you actually have the
prompt. So your task is to generate an
image. Here is your prompt rules. Stick
as closely as possible to the outlines
of the source document. Then change text
color, shapes, and styles only if
explicitly specified in the prompt.
Something is not specified, do not
change it. Okay, so this is kind of
cool. This is kind of neat. This is one
of the ways that we're going to follow
that source document. And let me show
you guys how much better that is than
what we're currently doing. Now, one
minor issue here is the way that you
feed in the data, I'm realizing, is
using binary. And I do not know how to
feed data from an earlier binary output
into a later binary output. That's kind
of annoying. Uh I was struggling with
this in my last build, so I might as
well figure it out now. So, let's see.
Feed NAN data binary to later node.
Let's just start with that.
Okay, this one is saying, are we able to
access binary data from a node way back
in a JS expression of a later node? And
then he says, nope, that's currently not
possible. That's the founder of NAN.
That's unfortunate. I do not like that.
Um,
can bring the binary data in again with
a merge node. Okay, let me see here. So,
oops, wrong one. So, what I could
hypothetically do is I could have a
merge node somewhere around here, I
guess. And then that merge node would
take as input this
uh could feed it in over here. Yeah, I
mean maybe. Just seems kind of
unnecessary though, honestly. Like input
two and this would be input one.
And then we feed this in here. I do not
know. Let me find out. We're just going
to rearrange this with option shift t.
And then uh just because we are now
doing this, we have to deselect,
deselect I should say. And then for now,
I'm just going to have both of these
feed into the merge node. Um it looks
like we're currently appending the
inputs. That's not really good. Let's
just combine them all. Let's not
combine. Let's just position.
This is input one. This is input two. So
we should just like stack the fields on
top of each other. Let's just keep
everything. Don't really want to combine
by matching fields to be honest. I'm
just going to keep everything. I don't
know if this is going to work, but we'll
just execute this. We should now have
both run.
They should also run. We got the
analysis. And then we're going to have
the spinning.
The spinning will now merge. You must at
least define one pair of fields and
fields to match to match on. I mean,
that's kind of annoying, but why don't
we just match on index? Is there an
index back here? I don't think so.
There's an ID, but there's no index. So,
when we run that again. Okay, cool. So,
it actually does look like we have the
uh we have the data. We had the JSON
here. We also have the binary. So, this
should work. This should actually work.
Cool. Looks like I figured out how to do
that. Fantastic. This input data field
name is going to be data. So, oh, hold
on a second. Wait a second. I'm seeing
two items here. I don't actually want
two items. I want one item. You know
what I mean? Let's see here. So, this is
item one. This is item two. That's not
good. You know why that's not good?
Because if we get in the habit of doing
stuff like this, if we get in the habit
of doing stuff like this, now we're
changing, we're fundamentally changing
the output flow here. I guess I could
just say execute once and it'll only
execute a single time with this, which
isn't that bad.
Still, I want to be able to reference
the other data. So, no, the way that I'm
currently doing this is not going to
work.
Um, we should merge the matching items
together.
We should
enrich all of input one with data from
input two added in.
Okay, so now I'm just going to pin this.
Oh, can I do this? I don't know. Let's
just find out.
Now the output is just one item, which
is unfortunate. We need both items. Try
combine. Okay, cool, cool, cool. I think
combine works. I don't think we have
binary data here though now that this is
all just in one item. So I think now
unfortunately we have to run this one
more time.
Okay. And then over here the output of
the merge node is a single item with our
binary. Now that binary is right over
here. So we should actually be able to
feed this in now. Uh okay. So what I'm
going to do is I'm going to feed in the
binary field name which is data. And
then in addition to this I also have to
feed in another thing. So, here is your
prompt. And why don't I just feed in
let's just do one of these for now. And
just so I can show you guys what this
actually looks like when all said and
done. Okay. So, let's paste all these
together. I actually don't know if this
is going to work even. Let's do this one
more time then.
And then let's run this puppy. Okay. And
we do be generating. Here's the thing.
The way that this HTTP request works, we
do just get a bunch of B base B 64. So,
I now have to pin this. Then the last
thing we have to do is we just go over
here and we go B64 convert JSON to
binary data or convert hold on JSON data
to binary.
So I'll go over here and then I'm going
to convert this to file. Okay, then we
just feed in the B64.json
put output data in this field. Let's
execute the step. Okay, now we have the
file output here. Let's click view. What
do we got? Okay, we have um a very kind
of scary looking woman over there. Not
going to lie, I think the uh
modification there was a little bit
rough, but it more or less has
everything else that we were asking for.
So, just to be clear here, the source
data of the image is this. So, we can
open this in a new tab. This is now our
destination data.
Okay, so the source destination source
destination. Oh, and I'm actually a
little bit zoomed in, so let me zoom out
a bit. There you go. So, what do we
have? We actually have the vast majority
of the information here is the same. And
here's the thing that I should mention
as well. Like I'm not expecting this to
be perfect on the first go, right? Like
I'm going to generate tons of these and
then I'll let the creative designer pick
the best pick whatever the heck they
want. And I mean like you know if they
have an actress or something that they
really want in there, they can actually
just like crop her out and then stick
her in the new one, right? Like no big
deal there. But yeah, you know, there
are some minor changes. I don't really
like how they left out that little
bolded section. I do like how they
actually added the logo, which is kind
of neat. So yeah, that's pretty fun. I
think we're doing reasonably well. Looks
like the one thing I needed to modify in
order to make it work though was I
needed to change the prompt from this
general description to make the
background bright orange. Swap the text
for upgrade your systems today. Add a
leftclick logo with a mouse pointer and
so on and so forth. Right? So
what we need to do is we just need to
get the supplied prompts to be in that
shape you can think of it as. So, I'm
going to head over here to the OpenAI
node. And what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to give it some examples. And
instead of generating a description,
what I'm going to do is I want you to
take the image description and then give
me a simple prompt I can use to
tell an AI image editor what changes to
make. Okay. So, I'm going to say bright
orange background,
character in the middle, text upgrader
systems today, leftclick logo. Let's say
small left click logo. bottom right-hand
corner.
Okay, so this is the main prompt now.
New change suggestions that we will
later feed into the image generation
model. Take the original input suggest
changes to the original descriptions and
generate four other variants of
modifications like color, stock, copy,
etc. Not change company names. Don't
make large changes, only small ones. So,
you know what? I'm not going to write
all this stuff myself. Why? Because I'm
super lazy and because hey, if I'm doing
AI anyway, I might as well have AI help
me. So I will say generate four more
variants like this. Adjust color copy
etC slightly and then I'm just going to
feed my actual request in.
Oops. Sorry. No, sorry. I just want you
to spin this text a little and then
generate four more change requests.
Modify color etc. And then I will
the color. Copy DC. Only thing to never
change is the company name. Cool. Cool.
I like this. Cool. It's doing a pretty
good job. So, what I'm going to do now
is I'm going to take these and then I'm
going to copy and paste them in.
Put all five of these. Replace your
changed version of my original with my
own into an array inside of an object
with a key called variance.
Now, we're going to grab that and I'm
just going to copy paste that puppy in.
No need for a key, just the text in an
array. No, no, no. I mean the
description key. That's why you need to
be super specific with these things.
Whatever. I'm going to copy this. Now
we're going to go back here and then I'm
going to go I'm going to provide the
description as a user prompt and then
I'm going to provide uh four outputs as
this.
So I'll now say variance
here going to cut it like that. And then
over here what I'm going to do is I'm
going to feed in my little base
description
which is right over here.
I'm just going to call this original
changes.
Now we have like modified change
requests, right?
Then the input is going not actually to
be over here.
We can do that input later.
Over here we're going to have the actual
input.
Um actually let me
Uh, let me think for a second. Bright
orange background character, middle tax
upgrading system today. Here
we might need two.
Okay, actually, let's just feed in that
base
prompt right over here.
And we'll call this input um original
description.
And then I should actually generate the
whole thing.
Just feed that in there.
Okay, that looks pretty fine.
And over here under OpenAI, what I'm
going to do is I'll just feed in another
input
uh which we are going to call original
description.
And I just now need to get something to
put in there. Now, I don't want to use
the exact same thing that I was just
looking at a moment ago, right? Cuz this
doesn't make sense. So, I'm just going
to grab a new creative.
Snap a photo of your receipt and done.
Uh I want something that's just a little
bit higher quality here. Here's the the
Spotify thing that I was telling you
guys about.
H
Let's see.
Here is a fantastic business, HubSpot. I
love these guys to death. Uh, founder
actually used to read my newsletter,
believe it or not, Darm Shaw. Really
smart guy. Really ahead of the curve
with a agents and whatnot, which is
pretty sweet. I'm going to add this
image in here, and then we're going to
do our little spinning with that. Okay,
so now we're going to grab that image.
We're going to download that image.
We're going to analyze it. We're going
to take it. We're going to feed it in
here. We're going to merge it. Then
we're going to generate an image using
GPT image 1. And then let me think here.
So, we're feeding in five variants,
right? We're merging it and then we're
generating the image. I feel like what
we should probably do instead, well,
it's tough, right? We're feeding in
binary to this thing. What we need is we
need some sort of loop where we grab
that and then we feed in the binary over
and over and over and over and over
again. But how do we do that? That's the
question. This to me seems like a data
wrangling issue. Okay, for now we're
just going to generate it once. We'll
worry about the complexity later. But
yeah, like what I want is I want this to
spit out 50 or 100 and then I just want
it to like vary over and over and over
and over again. Just do this. So, we're
going to need a loop in here for sure,
no matter what, right? Okay, cool. So,
we've merged the data. We're now
generating the images in GPT. Very cool.
I guess another way I could just get
around the merge. Like, the reason I
don't like the merge is it's I'm just
probably going to forget about it. Like,
from a maintainability perspective, I
could just have it download the same
file again. Kind of be annoying to
download a file twice. You know, like
developers and stuff like that would
definitely be like, "Oh, Nick, what the
hell are you doing? You no idea how to
build an NAN flow if you're doing that."
But like sometimes I'm willing to make
these really simple ass trade-offs just
because it's simpler for me. like, you
know, oh, I just download the same file
again. Well, that's easy. I'm even going
to have access to the same ID. And then,
if you think about it, I'm just going to
download it before I do every image
generation. And it's um, you know, it's
like a linear thing. Like in computer
science, they talk um big O. Uh, so, you
know, like O of N and stuff like that.
This is just like O of 2N, which is O of
N. So, it's not that big of a deal.
Anyway, let's take a look at the image.
Upgrade your systems. Today, we got the
exact same vibe going on that we had
with the original. It's just now we got
that bright orange background and it
says left click. I'm not liking how it's
just doing bright orange again though to
be honest. I think the original was
bright orange. Right. So I think the
original was bright orange. But you know
I'm seeing here that we lost some
details.
So I think I think if we just generated
this 20 times I think a lot of these
problems would have been solved. It even
like confabulated a you know a forearm
for the guy which is kind of neat. But I
think if we just did 20 of these it
would just like you know one of them
would be really standout. So I'm kind of
inclined to just run this 20 times. Um
the question is now we need to generate
an object which has you know we need to
have this with the five variants and
then for each of these variants we need
to feed it in. You know what like I'm I
just want to get this done and then I'll
worry about optimizing it later as I do
most things. So I'm just going to grab
this. I'm going to grab this download
file. Feed this in right over here. And
right over here, what I'm actually going
to do is I'm going to split out loop
over items split in batches. Delete
this. For each of these, I will download
the same file. Then using that same
file, I will generate a variant. Convert
this to a file. Once I'm done converting
this to a file, I need to upload this
somewhere. So what I'm going to do is
I'm going to go to drive, not pipe
drive, Google Drive. Going to now upload
the file.
loop this back around. Where am I going
to upload this file? I'm going to go to
um the same drive that I had before.
What was the name of the drive? To
destination, I think, right, there we
go. File name. I mean, I don't know.
What am I going to name this? Let's just
call this like gen.
Maybe test will do for now.
Okay. No other properties. I'm just
going to generate the image as data.
That should be output as data if I'm
downloading the file again.
Oh, I got it. I got it. I got it. That's
why I hardcoded the prompt. No wonder
the image is trash. Okay, cool. Cool.
Well, now we should be able to
split out the items.
The item we're going to split out
logically
is variance.
Now, if I just pin this, pin this, too.
When we do this splitting, we're going
to have five items. Each of these items
is going to go into the loop over items
node. Then we're going to loop. We're
going to download the file. What file?
JSON. ID. The question is, what is the
ID? The ID is going to be the ID from
way back over here, which is kind of
annoying to access. Do I have access to
it over here? It's going to be this
Google Drive over here. So, I'm just
going to be cheap. I'm going to paste
this in delete this again. Why? Because
I can actually access this over here, I
believe.
I might not be able to. We'll find out.
So, what am I going to feed in? Google
Drive item JSON ID. Yeah, looks like I'm
good. And then here, generate the image
using GPT1. What am I going to feed in
for my prompt? I'll tell you what. Um,
loop over items
should get message content.
So, we should get loop over items,
message content. I don't know for sure,
but I think we will. So, I'm going to go
here. dollar sign loop over items item
message.content
item
JSON dossage content I I don't know for
sure but we will see
then we convert to a file and then
Google Drive 03 okay well let's just
give this a go and see whatever happens
I don't even know first item Google
Drive picked it up fine what sort of
input did we feed in we fed in
this image. What sort of prompt did we
feed in? No prompt. Undefined. Okay,
that's fine. We're going to fix it up on
the second run. Okay, over here, the
data that we're going to need is I'm
just going to go back a couple nodes
till I find the loop of items. This loop
over items does indeed have it, but it's
in message content variance, which I
forgot. So, this looks good to me. We
should now actually be able to do the
variance. And now that we've done this,
one more thing I'm going to add is just
a wait. Just going to wait 5 seconds.
Not a big deal. And again, I'm just
going to spread these out. Now, I'm
going to execute the workflow. I will be
cognizant of my token costs, hence why I
have the 5 seconds. Also, rate limits.
And we'll take it from there. Okay, we
generated a few. Now, I'm just going to
go check out the Google Drive. You can
always find Google Drive stuff with the
web view link. So, let me just open this
up. What do we got? Upgrade your
practice management software. I'm not
liking how tall this is. We should
probably specify like the height of the
images, you know, like you know, don't
get me wrong, this is cool, but uh I'm
pretty sure the source doc that we fed
was a square. So, we don't want this to
be a non-s square. So, let's go back to
the destination folder. Let's see. So,
this is the original. Weird. Doesn't
look like it made any changes whatsoever
to that one. So, we should check that
out. This one definitely looks like it
made a change. That one definitely looks
like it made a change, right? So, I
mean, it's making changes, uh, which is
cool. And, you know, not all of them are
going to be perfect, and that's fine. We
sort of expected that. Looks like there
was an image on run number four. Why?
What was the problem?
Oh, never mind. It's not that there was
a problem. It's just that uh Well,
actually, there is a problem. It says we
have four items. Only three went through
here.
Maybe I'm just crazy right now. Maybe it
just hasn't moved the fourth one out
yet. I think it should, though. Okay. I
really don't know what this issue was
with. Was it the third item? Second
item. Looks like the second item is
still processing. Or is it the fifth
item? Hm. Anyway, we got a fourth one
here. It is still a little too tall. So,
not happy with the height of them,
obviously. Uh, so how do we fix the
style here? We should be able to fix the
style. So, let me just Google this
really quickly. Open AI and we'll go
this. This will probably get
docs for us.
When we have the docs, we should be able
to take those docs and then find out
what exactly is going on here. That's
the crate image. They have a size
parameter. How about the edit image?
Okay, here we go. H. Can we set the
size? Yes, we can. Size the generated
images must be one of 1024 1024.
So, we have to do some sort of 1024x
1024. Um,
all right. Let's go back here
where it says prompt. We'll now go size.
We'll just go 1024* 1024. This should uh
solve that specific issue that we were
having where it's just all crazy.
And then we also just want to avoid
them, you know, it having the exact same
thing over and over and over again. So,
let's check that out. Yeah. Okay. I
mean, you know, like we are getting a
ton of different vibes, which is cool,
right? I mean, like this one's really
cool. This one's actually looks pretty
real. No major issues here whatsoever.
Um I'm just not a fan of how it's
taller, but you know, if this was a
square like like this, for instance,
this would be perfect. This would be a
great ad. Simplify your practice
workflow. And then like hell, we even
got like the Apple
uh little Apple MacBook stuff there. And
you know what's crazy? It even like
almost took the same source person. And
here it even almost took the same source
person. This woman is clearly fake and
you know invented. But this this guy
here might be this woman here is clearly
inspired by that. So listen, this is
good. I like this. I like this. Why
don't we move this to trash? And why
don't we now rerun with the 1024 x 1024.
Let me also see how we can improve this.
Okay. So they are actually giving very
different changes. So I think what we
need to do is we need to say first
change request, second change request,
third change request.
You generate new change suggestions that
we later feed. Take the original input.
Okay.
Make these changes minor.
We want to stick to the source closely.
Do not change company names. Do not make
large changes, only small one. Okay.
Do not meaningfully add any placement
change requests. Do not suggest any
meaningful changes to placement.
We want the elements all in the exact
same place
in the image. So only ever suggest
color, style,
or copy changes.
Okay, that sounds good to me. All right,
now we should be able to run this. This
is my prompt engineering challenge more
than it is anything else. So, let's gun
it. Execute workflow. Going to grab the
image analysis, which should be stored
now. Yep.
Then over here, we're going to have our
change requests. Oh, you know what?
We're missing something. Why are we
missing something again?
H Why is that? Oh, man. We are totally
missing some Oh, wow. That's crazy. We
We were missing something this whole
time. Did a reasonable job. Okay, let's
now feed in the content
right over here. Paste that in. Good
lord. Isn't that funny? Isn't it crazy
how AI can still do a pretty good job
all things considered? All right.
So, what is the change request that we
want?
