Hey, in this video I'm going to show you
how you guys could take your Agentic
workflows and put them in the cloud.
Essentially allow you to call them via
web hook, schedule them on a trigger so
they can run without you. Um, call NADN
and Make.com web hooks through your
agents. Do the inverse. So call your
agents using make.com or NAD HTTP
requests. I'll even show you how to set
up local servers. Everything I'm going
to talk about here is going to be fast.
It's going to be really cheap and it's
going to be most importantly pretty
reliable as well. So the first way to do
this is to set up web hooks or what's
called cron which is basically just
auler in a service called modal. Now
this takes just one click and one prompt
for the user. It's very simple and I'm
actually going to give you guys a big
comprehensive document you can feed
directly into your agent to do this for
you. It runs on a serverless backend
which is very cheap. That just means you
don't have any ongoing costs. It's just
a build almost like per transaction. The
server spins down when it's not in use.
You get a web hook URL. Then you can
also stream what's called chain of
thought to Slack or whatever for
logging. I'm going to show you all this
in a moment. Modal is this service over
here. I'm not affiliated whatsoever, but
there are a lot of big companies that
use this. And the real benefit to this
is they just do what's called cold
starts really quickly. Um, essentially,
uh, a lot of the time when you run a
similar sort of structure when you send
a request to a node that hasn't been
accessed in a really long time, takes
quite a while to warm up. And so this
might take 20, 30 seconds, hell, maybe
even a couple minutes for a simple API
request. Um, if for our agentic
workflows, I'm sure you can imagine
timeouts are really important because
agent logic takes a little bit longer to
go through than typical, I don't know,
scripts or whatever. So, we want to
minimize that as much as possible. Modal
does that for you. I mean, like I get to
call things that are inactive and then I
receive or returned a request in like a
couple of seconds. So, it's very
powerful. The way that it works
essentially is you get to set up web
hooks directly in the cloud. And every
one of these web hooks is basically just
a fully functional agent that has access
to whatever tools you give it. And so
you can see here I have the create
proposal from transcript web hook. I
have the directive web hook, general
agent web hook. You know, I got a bunch
of these. Um, it also allows you to set
up schedulers. So you can see that with
this little clock icon, but this hourly
lead scraper is basically just scraping
leads for me every hour completely
autonomously and then it's dumping all
their information into this big sheet.
So lot that you could do with this and
I'm going to show you guys everything in
a moment. But suffice to say, um, not
affiliated with these guys whatsoever.
They give you $5 in free credits. I've
probably sent I don't know like several
hundred requests over the course of the
last few days and I've literally used 1
cent. So this sort of thing scales
really well and I just wanted everybody
here to have access to it. Okay, so two
main ways I'm going to talk about today.
The first is you just running specific
executions. Now when I say specific
executions, I'm referring to my
directive orchestration execution
framework. In case you guys don't know,
if you're running um agentic workflows,
you essentially have some structure like
this. You're going to have highle
instructions that tell the agent what
you want it to do. And in my case, I
always store it in this directives
folder. Um, these pieces of information
are typically pretty straightforward.
They're just like, hey, this file
creates a panadoc proposal for a client.
Here's how you do it. You start by
gathering information. Then you generate
the content. Then you actually go
through um a Python script that we've
developed and then do the execution. And
so when you separate concerns like this,
like highle instructions from the actual
like Python script and and sort of like
computer logic going on under the scenes
in this executions folder, the model is
really flexible, but then it's also
pretty reliable because it just ends up
doing the same thing over and over and
over again. Contrast this with always
giving the model different instructions
and so on and so forth. It's a mess,
right? Not usable in any serious
business application without this. So if
you use option one with specific
executions, basically what you're doing
is you use the directives to build the
modal web hook and it's just a one-time
thing. And then the modal web hook is
just executions. So this is very similar
to just setting up your own API. But
because you know you've already written
the directive and stuff like that, the
agent is capable of writing these APIs
super super quickly. And so basically
everybody on planet Earth is now an API
developer uh when you combine this with
the little document I'm about to send
you. And the benefit to this is it's
really fast. I mean these things run
basically immediately. It's also super
reliable because it's just basically
Python scripts and um you know it's also
super cheap because you're not consuming
additional tokens or whatever. Now I'm
going to contrast that with the second
approach in a minute, but let me
actually just show you guys an example
of this working. So I have a little um
NAD workspace set up here. I want you
guys to know you can call your web hooks
however the heck you want, but obviously
the whole point of this, the whole name
of the game is we want to be able to
trigger these automatically, right? So
we need some service to basically call
it. And what I have here is I have this
URL. Okay? And the URL is, you know,
Nick whatever claude orchestrator scrape
leads.mmoal.run. And then I had this
question mark query. And this query is,
you know, dentists and location equals
United States and limit 100. And so what
I've done here is I basically set up my
own API using these executions with this
agent. I'm just going to click execute
step and it's going to go and it's
actually going to run this in the cloud
and return me some data. Now, as I
mentioned, cold starts here uh mean that
you know, typically there's a very long
period of time before you call any sort
of service where your server is idle.
But modal occurred super quickly. I did
that in real time, so hopefully you guys
could see that was just a few seconds.
You know, edit end returns you this kind
of sexy looking JSON that's something
like this. You have um you know, status,
message, sheet URL. This is where all
the leads are stored for my specific
workflow, which I'll run through in a
second. The name of it, and then really
interestingly, you have the workflow
itself, which is the agent basically
breaking down the steps that are going
to be taken in this execution. And so,
you are storing, you know, the
equivalent of Python scripts here, but
there's a little bit more going on under
the hood, which is pretty cool. So, if I
just paste this sheet in, you know, you
can see this thing has already gone
through and done my lead scraping. Now,
you know, in my case, I was only
scraping 100 leads, but um there's more
going on under the hood as well. It's
not just doing lead scraping. It's also
enriching. So, that's what that little
update was a moment ago. It's finding
some additional emails. It's
personalizing and so on and so forth.
And so, in this way, you basically have,
you know, all of the information
involved in the um highle instructions
just used to build this web hook one
time and then other services and stuff
like that can just call this at whim.
super cheap, super reliable, and
probably the recommended approach for
most people. That said, the internet is
getting really cool, and so I wanted to
talk about um in this case, just a proof
of concept, but something that I think
will quickly become the norm when it
comes to quering these agents. Now, this
is natural language as opposed to you
doing some sort of really specific
formula with limit and industry name and
stuff like that. So, what we do here is
we have our web hook URL and then we
just have a question mark query. This is
a query parameter and then we just give
it instructions and we say, "Hey, run
the proposal generator on my last call."
And the idea is because we have an agent
that is living on the cloud, it is just
awaiting instructions. When you query it
with, hey, run the proposal generator on
my last call, it gets the natural
language and then it interprets which
directive you want to call. It calls
specific directive and then it actually
runs the thing you want with its uh full
power of flexibility. And so if I give
you guys an example by calling in NAN,
if I just go down here to general cloud,
so you guys could see this URL that I'm
calling is now uh same sort of thing,
but the query is send an email to
Nickleclick.ai congratulating him. I
mean, obviously this is pretty vague,
right? like there's no uh Python script
or whatever that'd be able to do this
thing in real time. Not unless you
parsed out literally every word. But um
anyway, in this case, this took a few
seconds and it returned success. The
query was this. And the response is
email sent successfully. I've sent a
congratulatory email to Nick with the
message ID, whatever. So, I can actually
go to my mailbox and I can see the
message came in just a few seconds ago.
It says, "Hi, Nick. Congratulations on
your achievement. Best regards." Now, I
could have given it way more context and
detail. I could have told it to do
something else. Obviously, it would
have. And this is just a really simple
proof of concept because all I'm using
is an email tool here. But hopefully you
guys can see that adding uh flexibility
in the ability to communicate with these
things will soon allow us to build like
this network of agents that talk to each
other in pretty much just natural
language asking things to happen. And in
this way, you can build like much more
complicated workflows where it's like
sequences of agents talking to each
other. Hey, I just scraped the leads.
The link is here. Can you do this? Then
the lead enrichment agent is like,
"Yeah, for sure. I'll do the
enrichment." But I'm also thinking we
should start reaching out to them. So,
hey, here's this data. um could you
reach out to these leads? You don't have
to like code everything anymore. You
don't have to be really precise with
syntax. The second way, and I really
like this because it helps people that
have no code backgrounds integrate with
this Gentic Workflow stuff, is to build
hybrid directives. Basically allowing
you to integrate like NAND, Make.com,
Gum Loop, Lindy Flows directly into um
some sort of IDE. So, it's cool because
you can really easily integrate it with
any pre-existing builds. Like a lot of
people's intellectual capital has been
caught up in like these traditional
builds that they've built over the
course of the last couple years. No use
in wasting that or laboriously
rebuilding that in some sort of agent
platform. You can just use it. Super
easy. All you do is you store info about
the web hooks in your directive. Great
middle ground. And the downside is, you
know, at least the way that I'm going to
show you today. It's not runnable on a
schedule since you're calling from the
IDE itself, which is right over here.
But it is really straightforward to set
up uh automated workflows like I showed
you earlier where you have a web hook
coming into an agent. Maybe the agent is
what calls the thing, right? So, still
triggerable, just um not in the way that
I'm going to show you guys today. Okay.
So, what do I mean by this? Um let's say
you have a bunch of intellectual capital
stored up in a workflow here. It's a
Google SER/MPAP scraper. This specific
flow, you know, was just connected here
a moment ago and I just disconnected it.
Basically just um scrapes a bunch of
details for I think it's like Calgary
plumbers or something cuz I live out in
Calgary. And then it translates it to
Markdown and then it uses AI to extract
info and it dumps it all into a big
Google sheet. And let me find the actual
Google sheet because it is massive. It
is a really, really big boy. This is
more or less what it looks like. I guess
I lied. It is not massive. Um, but
basically you end up with a couple of
records. You end up with page titles,
page metadescriptions, like you know,
it's like a scraping build, right? And
obviously, you know, I want to do
something with this. So, um, how do I
take this and then make it, you know,
accessible? Well, all I do is instead of
connecting via, you know, some other
sort of trigger like a schedule,
whatever, I just use a web hook. And so,
I connect this web hook directly to my
flow. Okay, I copy the URL. I go back
over here and u let's just set up uh
let's set up a new directive. Call it
new file. And I'll say call cool Google
scraper.m MD. Okay. And now what I'm
going to say is um hey, let me just use
voice here so it's not really silly.
Hello. Thank you. Um hey, I have a
workflow set up here. I want you to call
this URL with a get request. And I'm
going to paste it in. Then I'm going to
say this is just for demo purposes. You
don't need to include any query
parameters or anything, but hopefully
you guys could see how you absolutely
could if you wanted to. And now I'm just
going to go and make a new cloud code
instance here. And I'm going to say,
hey, hey, call uh let's see, cool Google
scraper.md.
And uh let me now actually run this. Let
me show you how it works. What we're
doing now is we're just weaving in the
you know, N8 flows just directly into
this. We're making them accessible. uh
if you guys want to really quickly and
easily create any sort of like
documentation or directives for these
things like highle instructions on how
to do so it's really easy you literally
just copy this whole thing okay you can
actually copy all of the JSON here and
you can say great here is a bunch of uh
JSON that represents the NADN web hook
flow that I set up that I just asked you
to call I'd like you to create a highle
directive my goal is I want to use you
the agent to orchestrate the calling of
this web hook I just want to make sure
that you do it right so Create a new
directive. Call it google_p_scraper.md.
And then uh include all of the
information that you feel is relevant
based off the framework. You guys didn't
know I'm just using a voice
transcription tool. Many of them down
here, but that's what this little bubble
is at the bottom of my screen.
Obviously, when models get really smart,
you don't have to be anywhere near as
concise or precise with your prompting.
So, I could just talk at the speed of my
thought. And it does a pretty good job.
Look at it. Even told me nice workflow.
Now, it's asking me what do I want to
do? And I'm just going to say create a
new directive that describes how to call
this context about it etc. And if we go
and check back in on our flow, you can
see that what this did is it immediately
returned that 200, but the flow itself
is actually still occurring, right? So
markdown HTTP request, it's actually
running the actor. Now what we're doing
is we're actually feeding things into
the AI. It's kind of neat because we're
actually feeding the whole website in.
But um anyway, I'll tell you more about
that later. Once it's done, you can see
it just added some items to the sheet. I
think it was this one over here. um we
now have you know an additional record
and contains a bunch of information
about the companies and so on and so
forth. What I mean here is we just
trigger this um using an agentic
workflow, right? Like we didn't actually
need to do anything in NA or make and in
this way we're basically just capable of
triggering whatever we want. Now more on
this um NAN recently unveiled like an
MCP feature model context protocol. So
you don't actually even have to like
pass the web hook URLs directly. You
could just use NAND's MCP. I haven't
spent more than maybe 10 minutes looking
at it. So I'm not going to include that
feature here. But if you guys want more
on that then um yeah definitely just use
an MCP. Orchestration isn't the exact
same. Uh, I find that sometimes, you
know, you're loading way too much into
context, but it works fine regardless.
If we check back in over here, you can
see we've now created this big long
directive, which just includes tons of
information all about what the workflow
is, how to call it, and so on and so
forth. And in this way, we've now
blended a no code tool with our agentic
workflow builder. Last section I'd like
to talk about is you can also run all of
these flows locally in your computer and
you can expose via Enro. Um, I should
also say, I don't know, Cloudflare or
whatever other service you want. In case
you don't know what that means, that's
okay. What we do is we set up a server
on our computer which is just always
running. Whereas with modal, you know,
it's like instantiated when we need it.
In this case, you just have it on your
computer and then you basically allow
your computer to be called by other
computers um or other services or
automation platforms or whatever. So, it
seems really scary, but it's actually
really simple to set up because again,
you can just like feed in a big long
prompt just like we did with the modal
cloud execution framework and then the
model just can do it right the first
time. This is neat because you can set
up cron which is scheduling and also web
hook functionality. It does require a
computer to be on 247. So if you're,
you know, somebody that's doing this
professionally and maybe implementing it
on other people's businesses or
whatever, you know, they would need a
server and this starts getting into like
deployment land and territory. But I
think just for like demo purposes and
getting people up and running and used
to servers and building um cloud agentic
workflows, it's pretty reasonable. So
that's what I'm going to talk about
next. So all I did in order to set this
up myself is I said hey I want to set up
a server locally on my computer to call
a specific directive in my case
upwork_crape_apply.md
and I want to be able to you know do
this from external requests. So set this
up and then expose the URL for me and
what I ended up getting is I ended up
getting this URL down over here which if
I open is
ear-drove-passing.trycloudflare.com/webhook/upwork-scrape.
Maybe this seems really intimidating to
some of you, but this is literally just
a URL that I can call or I can um you
know, send a request to at any time that
will run my workflow. And it's like, you
know, technically it's locally, but I'm
still accessing it through the cloud.
And so you can expose this to other
services to do things on your computer
really, really quickly. And so what this
is is this is an Upwork scraper, right?
Um so in my case, what I'm going to do
is just click execute step. So it's now
going to send a request over to this and
then return the results. And less than 2
seconds later, this thing finished. As
we see here, we have a sheet URL. The
status was successful. Um, so what is
this thing going to do? This is going to
include my scraped Upwork jobs. So, just
copying this over, pasting this into a
new tab. We can see here just because I
was running a test, I only did a couple
of records, but we have what looks like
some actual scrape jobs, virtual
assistant for cleaning business, manga
styled web comic writer, and story
developer. Right, this is for like a
writing keyword. It's very general and
vague, but um, yeah, got the cover
letter right over here. Got like Google
Doc proposal, which is kind of neat. and
I had this thing write like a supposedly
in-depth personalized Google doc
proposal. Hey, I spent 15 minutes
putting this together for you. In short,
it's how I'd structure your dual
business VA system, so on and so forth.
So, pretty cool stuff. Um, and I run
this entirely locally on my computer, so
it doesn't cost me a scent and I can
just have this on. You do have to, you
know, ask the question like, well, if
you're running this on your computer and
you're making it web accessible, like
what is the real purpose? Why don't you
just do it on your computer? The real
purpose for this is just the web hook
calls. So you can just set up another
service to send something to your
computer and then expose your like
server link via the um in my case try
cloudfire service but whatever you want.
Um and I'm going to include like a link
with a similar prompt just like the
modal cloud execution framework here
that you guys could use to set this up
in seconds. Okay so I've teased this a
couple of times but let's actually set
up web hooks and cron inside of modal.
Um this is the complicated bit so I'm
going to walk you through this and then
everything else you guys should be able
to do just based off of what I've shown
you in this video. I have referenced
this cloud execution framework a couple
times. What is this? This is a monster
prompt that I've developed that allows
you to just like feed this into AI, then
have AI set up your modal for you. So,
what I will do is I will simply copy
this entire thing, okay, into a VS Code
environment. Just going to go bypass
permissions. Paste this whole thing in
and I'll say, hey, I'd like to create a
cloud modal instance for the let's do
YouTube outliers.md directive. Follow
the above steps. let me know if I need
to do anything. Now, in my case, I've
already set up all my like environment
keys and stuff. You know, I've already
actually signed up to modal and whatnot.
So, um this is going to be a little bit
faster for me than it probably will be
for you. There will be some issue me
asking it to do this the first time, but
that's okay. The whole idea of the
framework that I always talk about,
which is having directives and then
orchestrating the execution of various
Python scripts, is this kind of self-
analing, right? Like the agent kind of
makes some errors and then it'll be
like, "Oh, okay. Like, I made an error
here. Let's fix it." and then it'll go
through that process over and over and
over again. And I just wanted to show
you what like the end to end process
looks like. I know nothing about
deployment to be clear. I did some front
end way back in the day. You know, a
little bit of backend to build um an app
for one second copy forever ago. But
like I'm not a good or competent
developer by any means. All I did was I
had it do this correctly after maybe 30
minutes of back and forth. Then I had it
documented in that big cloud execution
framework. Then I'm just giving all of
that information to this. Okay. And
sorry, I'm just realizing I already
created it a moment ago pre-demo. So,
let me just tell it to delete the old
one and make a new one. That way, it's a
totally fresh implementation. So, what
it's going to do first is just delete
said old YouTube outliers code. This is
just a workflow that I set up a while
ago that um gets a list of outliers in
my niche for like specific uh you know,
requests just so that I can keep an eye
on you know who is absolutely crushing
me on YouTube. Okay, so we did run into
an issue. I told you I was only allowed
eight web endpoints. We have nine. So,
the current endpoints are all these.
Which ones do I want to remove? Right?
I'm uh keeping this in the video because
I just want to show you guys like it it
is very much a very simple back and
forth. It is asking me a very valid
question here. Probability that anything
is going to work on the first try is
quite low. But I mean same thing when
you work with like a junior dev or
something, right? Like obviously you're
going to have to go do some back and
forth. So I don't know which one do I
not like. Uh
I don't like test email. So let's say
remove test email. And I actually even
recommended that. Okay. And I now have
an endpoint available for me. So, I'm
just going to copy this. Uh, let's see
what is a good demo example. Yeah, let's
just run this one here. So, I can
obviously run this just directly through
here. So, I'm just going to say run
this. Give this a quick little ping.
This is also going to give me a Google
sheet URL. So, I'm just going to open
that. Um, it's going to take a few
minutes. It says between 5 to 15. That's
just part of how the workflow works. So,
the idea is everything will be populated
in this document when it's done. Now, if
you guys had a keen eye, you'll know
that it said monitor progress in Slack
earlier. Um, and you're probably
wondering what the hell does monitor
progress in Slack mean? Well, what I've
done is I've set up on modal like uh
service connector that dumps all of the
thinking of the model into a slack
channel called cloud-cloud. When you're
working with agentic workflows,
obviously it's very important that
there's a level of interpretability
here, right? Otherwise, models are just
going to grow more and more blackbox and
more and more blackbox. And so
essentially what this does is this
allows me to see how things are going in
my workflow. It'll actually say, hey,
I'm at step one of four right now
scraping my query is dentist. My limit
is 100. Step two, I'm uploading 100
leads to the sheet. Step three, I'm
enriching emails with any mailinder.
Enrich zero emails because I found all
of them. Casualizing the names that even
includes the information, right? Um this
is particularly important when there's
debugging occurring, right? If there's
some form of debugging happening and you
can see here I'm I'm now identifying the
debugging. there's some issue with the
YouTube outlier flow. Like, I can see
it. Otherwise, I'd just be sitting
around waiting, sitting on my ass
wondering when it's going to finish. So,
this is beyond the purposes of this
video for me to show how to do, but
suffice to say, it is very
straightforward. It's not complicated
whatsoever. And maybe if you guys want
it, um, a future video, I'll show you
guys how to do it in like 5 minutes.
Basically, anything is doable in 5
minutes now. But, um, yeah, very
straightforward, simple way to gain a
lot more interpretability into what's
going on under the hood. Because if you
don't stream the chain of thought I find
or if you don't stream the steps the
models or the executions or what step in
the directives we are it can be pretty
difficult to know what's going on
whetheror not you know a process is
hanging because of a genuine wait time
or because of some error. Okay, we did a
little bit of back and forth with the
agent just telling it you know which
actor to use and whatnot. That took me a
solid five or so minutes and at the end
of it we received a YouTube outliers
document that looks something like this.
So we can see that we initiated this
thing entirely autonomously or rather
entirely um you know through modal we
ran it and uh now we you know got the
workflow set up to the point where we
can actually grab both the thumbnails
and then also a bunch of um information
about you know what's going on. So we
have like a highle summary and and
publish date and video links and so on
and so forth. So I really like that
thumbnail. Maybe doing some repurposing
there. I like how there's some logos all
over the place and the open AI thing
goes to multiple things. Not as big of a
fan of this one, but yeah, suffice to
say, pretty cool, huh? So, that is how
to do it on modal. All you really need
to do to be abundantly clear is you just
take the same document that I showed
you, that cloud execution framework, and
you just prepend it. And then, you know,
ideally, you'd already have the
directive orchestration execution
framework set up. And then from there,
you just ask it, hey, you know, can you
take this thing which is occurring
locally on my computer and put it on the
cloud. Then, it can do a pretty good job
uh most of the time. Hopefully, you guys
appreciated that video. Had a lot of fun
putting it together. If you guys have
any questions about how agentic
workflows work, how any of these cloud
things work, or if you guys have more
recommendations or suggestions
surrounding um, you know, agentic
workflow content, just drop them down
below because I do take your
recommendations into account. The reason
I made this video was directly because
of YouTube comment I got just a few days
ago. Otherwise, thank you very much for
checking this out. Definitely join Maker
School if you want to achieve
outstanding results in 90 days. We
guarantee your first paying customer or
your money back. Um, you can check that
link at the top of the description as
well. I'll catch all y'all in the next
video.