Hey, I'm going to build an AI job
application system live in front of you
that automatically scrapes Indeed,
customizes your resume for each
position, and then organizes everything
so you guys can apply to a,000 jobs in
the time that it normally takes to apply
to 10. This is your first time here. My
name is Nick. I scaled my AI and
automation agency at over 72K a month.
And I'm now leading one of the biggest
AI automation communities and almost
3,000 AI automation freelancers and
agency owners. I'm going to build this
entire system from scratch using simple
drag and drop tools. No coding required.
and I'm going to walk you guys through
every single step so you can follow
along even if you've never built
anything like this before.
Okay, so here's a demo of the finished
system. The way that it works is we have
a resume template which we've uploaded
over here. That resume template is then
gotten inside of NADN. We then send an
HTTP request over to a LinkedIn job
scraper that just scrapes through every
job on a list that we provide. We can do
a custom search URL so you can feed in
whatever you want. After that, we then
pass that through AI to filter jobs.
Some jobs aren't necessarily going to be
in our wheelhouse, so we leave those
out. After that, what we do is we take
that ré template that we got inside of
NAND earlier. We feed it alongside a
bunch of the job details into AI to have
it rewrite the resume. Once we've
rewritten the resume, we feed that into
a markdown to HTML converter. Then, we
create a new resume, upload it to a
Google Drive, and share it before
finally doing a little bit of
post-processing. And then finally moving
into the outreach side of the flow,
which grabs the email address from one
of the people whose job post we just
scraped, checks to see if the email then
exists, and finally actually goes and
creates a Gmail draft. The Gmail draft
is simple. All we do is we tell the
person that we know that they are
hiring. We then talk about how we
actually used AI to scrape the job,
customize our resume, and automatically
get their contact details. And then we
include the resume. And if I click on
this resume, the end result is a highly
customized resume, which is quite
different from the résé template we had
before. In this case, specifically for
an AI product manager and automation
specialist, cuz that's what the job was
asking for. You can obviously extend
this approach to go and more or less do
anything. You could say different things
other than my email template. You could
ask for different things. You could
apply to different sorts of jobs. You
could, I don't know, instead of
customizing a resume, you could
customize a PDF or a video or an asset.
I mean, the world is really your oyster,
but this is obviously the lowest hanging
fruit approach. I've included some
variables here that you can update,
including the Appify API key, the
template ID in the Google Docs module,
and then the any mailinder API key. And
you can actually swap out whatever
service you want to do the email finding
for cost reasons. And I'm going to
include this link in the description so
you guys have access to this template,
and you can do whatever the heck you
want with it.
All right. So, as mentioned, this is a
live build, meaning I haven't actually
done the building yet. All I've done
here is laid out a rough scope of what I
think the system is going to look like.
Then eventually, we'll dive into NAND
and take this totally blank canvas and
turn it into a workable system. So, just
want you guys to know that I do this
because I consider it more informative.
I think that leaving in detours and bugs
and stuff like that, it's a little bit
more honest. You guys get to see like
what the actual process looks like. And
yeah, you know, back when I was learning
how to build things in NAND and other no
code tools, these are the sorts of
videos that I always look for. So, I
figure now that I'm at this point, I
might as well make these sorts of videos
for others, too. Okay, so here's how I
think that this is going to work. We're
going to start by getting some sort of
resume into a templatable format. What
do I mean by this? I just mean something
that for the most part is just text,
something that, you know, might have
some light formatting, H2s, H3s, that
sort of thing. but for the most part
something that we can feed into AI and
have AI reproduce for us without having
to like add a bunch of complicated steps
in between. So what I've done here is
I've created a templated resume format
for myself. And the only kind of like
interesting pieces here are heading 4,
heading 3es, and then I think that's it.
Just some bolding and some metallics.
And I just had a generate this. This is
not like actually accurate whatsoever,
but I want you guys to know that you
guys can actually create whatever sort
of ré template you want. This is just
what I'm going with because it's simple
and easy for me. Okay. So, after that,
what we need to do is we need to scrape
job postings using LinkedIn. Now, there
are variety of tools that are available
to allow us to do this. The one that I
usually use on this channel, it's called
Appify. This is basically just a
marketplace setup where you have a bunch
of these different people creating
scrapers, uh, publishing them on here,
and then charging people money for it.
And because it's a marketplace, that
means that they tend to compete, which
allows us to drive prices down. The
reason why I'm not building my own
scraper in this case, while I think you
can do basically anything in 2025 with
technology, and I could most certainly
build a scraper if I had enough time and
energy, it would take me a lot of time
and energy. Userenerated content
platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, and
stuff like that, these have basically
the most sophisticated anti-scraping
protections on planet Earth. So rather
than mcking around with having to, you
know, solve that problem, I'm just going
to abstract it away and I'm just going
to use something that somebody else has
developed that has the time and the
energy and is incentivized to do it and
then I'm just going to pay them a little
bit of money for it. So I see one right
over here called LinkedIn job scraper
PPR. I've used this one before. So
that's what I'm deciding to use for this
as well. Developed by Curious Coder.
It's a dollar per thousand results.
Pretty simple and easy. And then from
there, what I want to do is compare the
incoming job against a bank of skills
and have AI filter. The idea here is
like obviously not everybody is going to
be capable enough to apply to every job
that comes their way. So we just want a
simple but flexible way to filter out
jobs that may not necessarily be in our
wheelhouse. You know let's say I'm an
engineer and I don't know for whatever
reason my search is crappy and I get a
job for house cleaning. Like I want a
way to filter that out. I don't actually
have to apply to said job. Right? Once
we're done with that filter step we'll
customize the resume to match the specs.
Then you know the question is how do we
actually do the application? A couple
different ways to do this. So, you can
totally build out some sort of like
browser automation to go out and then
apply to the job on, I don't know,
Indeed or LinkedIn or whatever. This
would again take a fair amount of time
and energy. And while I have
experimented with approaches like this
and I made them work, I don't really
want to go through the rigomearroll
showing you guys what that looks like in
a video, rest assured, it takes a lot
longer than I probably can fit
realistically into a good YouTube clip.
So, what I'm going to do instead is I'm
going to grab the website details of the
company that is making that job post.
I'm then going to look for contact
details of decision makers. And once I
have a contact detail of a decision
maker, I'm going to send them an email
using a short punchy pitch. I'm going to
attach my resume in there. And I'm going
to say basically, hey, I'm the person
for the job. Okay? So, I can do the
thing they're asking me to do. And
because I'm going to be applying for
technology jobs, I'm actually going to
try and show them like proof in the
pudding. So, because my system is an
automated AI based system that, you
know, does all the job applications, my
hope is I could say something along the
lines of, "Hey, I know you're looking
for like somebody proficient in AI,
well, I actually used AI to like build
out a pipeline to allow me to apply to
jobs just like this one." So, I figured
I'd rather show you than tell you. Happy
to run you through what that system
looks like. This is a little bit more, I
don't know, if you want to say daring.
It's certainly not like a corporate job
style approach, but then again, I think
if you want uncommon results, you have
to take uncommon approaches. Okay, so
that's what we're going to do. That's
what I'm going to try to do anyway.
We'll see how well we can stick with
this. First thing we're going to do is
we're going to go over this ré template
very briefly. And I just need to find a
way to connect this to NAN. So I'm going
to go back over to my NAD workflow. I'm
just going to call this like AI
automated
resume.
Just call that for now. Maybe I'll add a
tag and I'll say NAN course. And then
over here, what I want to do is I just
want to see if I can grab the Google Doc
content. Okay, so I'm going to get a
document here. In order to connect to
this, what you have to do is you have to
create a Google Cloud Console account,
which can be kind of a pain if you
haven't done this before. Rest assured,
there is ample documentation out there
on how to do this. Basically, you start
by creating a Google Cloud account, and
then you just follow the steps. You
enable the APIs, configure your OOTH
consent screen, create your Google Oath
client credentials, and then finish it.
At the end of it, you're going to get a
client ID and then a client secret.
These are just what you paste in here.
Keep the OOTH redirect URL the same, and
then sign in. Okay, so once you're done
with this, um, what you do now is we're
just going to get the document. But
where is the document? Well, we need to
feed in the document ID. And for future
reference, anytime you see a long weird
ugly looking string in a URL like this,
odds are that is the ID of the thing. So
in our case, it is slashdocument slashd
and then an ID. Odds are this is the
document ID. And I find if you just
throw stuff at the wall, a lot of the
time it sticks. So, we are executing
this run and voila, we now get the
content. So, we actually get the content
of this whole document, which is great.
It's exactly what we need in order to
feed into AI. And it looks like we got
all of it. Yeah, we did. One thing I'm
noticing we're not getting here is we're
not really getting the formatting. So,
I'm not seeing like H2, H3, H4, whatever
I had before. That's not the end of the
world. Let me just click simplify and
see if we get more data
because this is a little bit too
complicated for me because it includes
too much formatting. So, I think what
I'm going to do actually is I'm just
going to roll with the simplified
version of this, the one that just has
like a a content variable, and I'm just
going to have AI like rebuild the format
every time. It's not ideal because it's
not going to be the exact same format,
but my hope is, you know, it's going to
be able to interpret or infer what is
the heading here to hiring manager,
obviously. What is the heading here?
Professional summary, obviously. So, I'm
thinking that's probably going to be
sufficient. I don't know if it's going
to work, but we'll try it. Okay, cool.
So, now that we have the data inside of
NAN, next question is, how do we scrape
job postings and then compare? you know,
maybe the resume against the job
postings and do something. So, I talked
about using Appify before. I got a
scraper right over here. I'm just going
to click try for free. I've already
created an account and you guys can
actually get 30% off using the code Nick
30 below. So, feel free to use that. Uh,
I don't get any money from that or
anything. They've just been gracious
enough to give me a code that uh makes
it cheaper for people to sign up. What
we do here is we add in a LinkedIn job
search URL. So, the question is, what
the hell is this? Well, we need to go
over to this service, LinkedIn jobs.
And then what I'm going to do is I'm now
just going to like type in what I want
that's interesting to me. The reason why
all of these Zapier jobs and AI actor
jobs and stuff like that are popping up
for me is just because, you know, like
LinkedIn knows that I'm into AI, so it's
just automatically assembled this for
me. I don't really want anything local.
Like, does it have to be in Calgary? No.
Um, can I just go United States?
I just want like USwide searches, you
know, probably remote. Title, skill, or
company? Let's just do a automation over
here.
Now we're talking. These are cool and
not all these companies are huge, right?
Like I think there's a much higher
likelihood of you actually getting a gig
at like one of these small to midsize
businesses than I don't know Zap year or
something. So this is really positive
for us. Okay, cool. So from here we can
add some additional filters. So anytime
past month, past week. Why don't we just
do past month? I mean, you know, like a
month is quite a long time. So maybe
actually we do a week. Okay, looks like
we have 800 job posts in the last week.
That's some scale. I'm not going to
filter experience level. Should I filter
salary?
Go 100,000. How many? 64 out of the 700.
Wow. You know, I think in reality, most
of these just don't show a salary at
all. That's why barely any of them are
popping up. So, let's leave that blank.
Company, no. Remote. This is
interesting. If I click remote, how
many? 18. Hybrid. 104.
Okay. So, the vast majority of these are
on-site, obviously. Um, so if you really
wanted to get like specific jobs in your
area, you would probably have to, just
to be clear, attach a search specific to
an area, not necessarily just what I'm
doing here. I'm going to proceed with
this just cuz I want enough data to
actually run this. But yeah, just
letting you guys know that if you guys
go remote, you only have 18 results as
opposed to the 795.
A lot of companies are still willing to
work with you on a remote basis, even if
you know, they don't necessarily say so
right off the bat. But anyway, let's
just give it a go. What am I going to do
now? Well, I need to test and make sure
that this works. I think a lot of people
sort of put the cart before the horse.
They put the forest for the trees or
whatever and then they just like try
diving into NAN and making it work. I
always just like verifying that things
work on the platform that I'm using. So,
in this case, I'm using Appify.
Obviously, what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to scrape company details and
then how many jobs needed? Let's just do
10. I'm going to click save and start
and let's just actually find out what
happens
because who knows, you know, sometimes
there are bugs directly on the
dashboard. if there's a bug directly in
the dashboard. I don't want to have to
be thinking that it might be an NAN bug.
Okay, so you can't use this actor for
scraping less than 100 records because
it's not efficient. See that? That's a
bug right there. Right? Like I wouldn't
have known that that would have been a
problem had I not put this in. Looks
like we are doing some scraping now.
Although it is taking its sweet ass
time. Now I should note that I fed in
less than 100 jobs and it looks like
it's now outputed some which is cool.
What are we getting here? Okay, so first
of all, benefits, actively hiring.
That's obviously a benefit if you are
looking to apply to a job. Company
description, that's good. Company
employee count. This is great
information. Company LinkedIn URL, which
is nice. Why are we getting tons of UK
jobs? The first two are UK. Company
logo. We got the company name. We got
the company website, which is great for
us. Looks like all of these have
websites, which is awesome. If we didn't
have websites for this, that' make our
life a lot harder.
Okay.
And yeah, this looks pretty solid to me.
Looks like it's going a little bit above
and beyond scraping even more jobs than
I thought were in the list. There is
usually going to be some sort of
discrepancy between what the front end
here shows you and then what an Appify
actor scrapes sort of behind the scenes.
And that's just because they're not
using like a cookie for this. They're
not actually signed into my account. So,
their screen is different. It's, you
know, it has some stuff in there that
maybe get filtered out before it hits
me. But that's fine. Okay, great. So,
we've now scraped all of these jobs.
This looks pretty good to me. We have
all the data that I was personally
looking for. The main one is just the
website cuz from the website, you can
get everything else. What I'm going to
do now is I'm just going to find a way
to take this actor run that I just did
on Ampify and then move it over to NAD.
So, let's just go over here. I'm going
to type an HTTP request. And uh I've
done this quite a bit in the last few
videos, but just, you know, it bears
repeating for posterity. Anytime I don't
know how to deal with the docs, I just
type in the name of the platform and
then API docs.
From here, my main goal is always
initially to look for authentication
guidelines. So, Appify is a really good
API. So, if we scroll down,
authentication is one of the very first
things we see. So, here it tells us how
to grab our API token. We go to the
integrations page in the Appify console.
Then, it even tells us the format that
we need, which is authorization bearer
format. There's even a little section
that teaches you how to use
authorization bearer format. Not all
APIs are this good. You know,
documentation is going to vary depending
on what you're using, but Apify is
pretty solid, which is one of the
reasons I use it. So, I'm going to head
over here. I'm going to create a new
token. And let's just call this AI
automated resume.
I'm going to create. What we have now is
we have the API token, which is awesome.
So, if I paste this in, this is my
actual API token. Should probably delete
my old ones, huh? Can't tell you how
many times my old ones have gotten run
up by people that just like watch these
videos and go, "Oh, did Nick forget?"
And turns out Nick forgot. Anyway, so
how do we actually convert this into an
API call with the token that we have?
Well, I've used this quite a bit. So, I
know which endpoint to use, which is
logically like let's just work through
it in our heads, right? And even if I
didn't know, what am I trying to do? I'm
trying to run an actor. I'm trying to
run a scraper, which they call an actor.
So, what am I going to do? I'm going to
look for the end points here that say
run actor. And I see one here called run
actor. Odds are that's what I want. You
know, there's run actor synchronously
with input and return output. Run actor
synchronously with input and get data
set items. run acts synchronously
without input and get data set items.
Odds are I'm going to want some sort of
input. Odds are I'm going to want some
sort of data. So, you know, even from
first principles here, one of these is
going to be one of the endpoints that I
would probably use even if this is the
first time I was using the API. To make
a long story short, there's no way to
know for sure without actually just
going ahead and using it. So, you know,
like we just have to get the
authentication up and running and then
we just start using endpoints and we
just see does it give me the information
I want. I'm going to kind of skip ahead
a little bit because I know that this
one does. Once you find the endpoint,
um, how do you actually convert this
into an NAND thing? Top right hand
corner, you just click this little
button. Okay? And then, well, actually,
there's one more thing I want to do. You
guys see up here, right over here where
it says uh actors/ whatever/input,
this is the ID of the actor. So, I'm
going to go back to my ad docs. I'm
going to paste this in because this is
required. And then bearer token over
here. I'm going to go and I'm going to
copy this in a automated resume system.
I'll paste that in. Okay. Then what do I
do now? I copy this. This is the curl.
You always want to look for the curl or
the rest API or the direct API call. And
you just want to paste it directly into
the HTTP request as follows.
When you do this, Naden will take all
that data. It'll parse it out and then
it'll update all the fields for you so
that the HTTP request automatically
works. This is one of my favorite
features of NAD. It's one of the reasons
why I think that they've blown up so
quickly. They just make um actual API
requests pretty easy. It looks like my
token didn't copy over for whatever
reason. So, I'm just going to go back to
my account and then copy over the token
again. So, what you want to do anytime
you find like a less than token, greater
than symbol, or like your API token or
something like this, you just want to
replace the entire thing with the token.
Okay? You don't have to do it in between
the little less than or greater than
symbols. I used to run into issues like
that all the time. Then the last thing
is, if you think about it, like we've
worked through all of the information
here. We have the actor. We have the
endpoint.
We have the token. We don't have any
input though. Like we're not actually
feeding it any data. You guys remember
how before if we go to the LinkedIn job
scraper, we fed it this job search URL.
Well, now we're not doing so. Well, the
way you do this in Appify is just go to
the JSON tab and we actually get all of
the data in JavaScript that you can then
just go back to NAN and then feed into
using JSON just like this. So now we're
sort of feeding it in everything
including all of the settings and
whatnot. What I'm going to do is I'm
going to click execute step and I'm
going just cross my fingers and hope
that this works. And if it doesn't,
we'll deal with it then. Okay. And then
a quick and easy way to verify that this
is actually running is just go back to
the runs tab. And you can actually see
it go and accumulate results for us
live. We also obviously have the other
data like the usage, how much money
we're spending and so on and so forth.
because this is like 100 or something uh
sorry 1 cent per 10 I believe like we
can just do the math and 78 cents 78 or
078 and then this is 78 results. Okay
and it looks like we just wrapped up
here. So this is in table format uh
format. I'll put this in schema just cuz
that's a little bit easier to see. And
we now get all that data that we got in
the app dashboard but we have it inside
of NAN which is obviously much more
powerful because NAD is the glue that
allows us to connect with a million
other platforms. I'm just going to go
back to our road map here. Let me make
it a little more convenient for me. And
I'm going to check this just cuz I
always like to have some sort of record
of progress. And then I'm going to check
this as well. And now our next task is
to compare incoming jobs against some
bank of skills and have AI filter. So
the question is how do we do that? Well,
first of all, what I'm going to do is
I'm just going to pin all of these
outputs because I don't want to have to
rerun that. You guys see how that took
me like a solid minute or two. I was
just waiting around. Maybe you guys
didn't cuz we cut the video or whatever.
But imagine if every single time you
wanted to test a flow, it took you a
minute. You know how many times I test a
flow? I test a flow like 100 times per
build. So that's an additional 100
minutes or hour and a half. Just cut all
that out by pinning data so you never
have to do any of those weights again.
If you do incremental testing like I do,
this saves you a ton of time. And
incremental testing in and of itself
saves you a ton of time. So we just
highly recommend anytime you do anything
like this. But anyway, the next question
is we actually have to do some
filtering, right? So why don't we do
some filtering? How am I going to do it?
I'm going to feed this into OpenAI. I'm
going to go message model. And there's
sort of like two ways that we could do
filtering like logically. Think about
it. You can do filtering procedurally.
Procedurally just means looking at
keywords and stuff. Like that's like
kind of the old way doing filtering.
Then you could do filtering flexibly.
And this is where you know even if
something maybe doesn't have the keyword
you're looking for, you feed into AI. AI
can like infer that you know even though
it's not the same word, it's like a word
that you're looking for. It's more of a
concept based thing, right? So instead
of using keywords, we're going to do
this. But I want you to know that you
can totally still filter based off
keywords. Like you could make it so like
you only apply to jobs if it has the
term NAD in it because you're an NAD
engineer or something, right? We're just
going to use AI here just cuz I love
using AI specifically for this purpose.
It's just a lot more flexible. It's a
lot easier to use. Okay, so scrolling
all the way down here to the bottom.
First, we have to create a credential.
If you guys haven't done this, just
check out the documentation. They
actually show you how step by step. You
basically just open your API keys page,
create a new secret key, and then paste
it inside of NAN. So, I've done this
before in multiple videos. I'm just
going to leave that out now, but this is
where you put it. Then you click save
and all of a sudden now you're connected
to your open AAI account which is great.
We're going to use the resource text
operation message model. And from here
I'm just going to use GPT 4.1 and go
mini. And what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to write a big list of skills
basically that I have. And then I'm
going to ask it, hey, if the job doesn't
include information that you feel is
pertinent to me, then just don't let it
proceed or something. Okay. So, first
things first, we're going to go to
system and I'll say you're a helpful
intelligent job filtering assistant. I'm
going to go user and I will say you
filter jobs based on a list of
attributes and skills that I or let me
give it some uh context. I'm looking for
jobs. Your task is to filter them based
on a list of attributes and skills that
I have. some jobs may not be relevant,
which is why I want you to go through
each of them and then let me know
whether or not I'm an okay fit. Below is
a giant list of all of my skills. And
then underneath here, I'm going to say
here is the job description.
Then I will say respond in this JSON
format. And I will say verdict
true or false. So now it's going to
return true or false depending on
whether or not I'm a fit. I'm a fit,
return true. If I'm not a fit, return
false.
both strings. Let's just say that make
things a little bit easier for me. Then
we will go output randomness
temperature. And I always do 0.7 for
applications like this just because I
want it a little bit more deterministic,
a little bit less random. Okay. So now
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
give it just a bunch of skills.
Maybe I'll just give it like context.
Below is a block of context about me and
my skills.
Let's do that. And then here is the job
description.
Let's start with skills. I'm just going
to go and have AI whip up a big thing
for me.
Okay, what I did is I just had AI do a
little bit of research on me and then
dump a bunch of context. Now, what I'm
going to say is job description wise,
all I do for this is I actually go
expression and then this is kind of a
hack you guys could use if you don't
know what to feed in or if you're just
lazy like me. AI is at the point now
where um the context window which is
like the amount of tokens that you feed
in the number of tokens that you feed in
rather is so long that you could feed in
like 20 bucks and you'd still be fine.
Maybe not 20 bucks. It depends on the
model. But because of this tokens are
very cheap and so inference is cheap.
And so what I do now is I just feed in
the entire JSON object. I no longer deal
with like trying to make this perfect. I
just go JSON to JSON string and then I
feed this entire thing in just like
this. Okay. So once I'm done with that,
we're actually good to go.
So, I'm going to open this up now. And
then, do you guys see how it says 100
items here? If I just ran this as is, it
would take quite a while to finish. So,
what I'm going to do is I'll use a limit
node. I'm just going to feed in one item
at a time. And that's just going to kind
of be my hack. Okay. So, we're going to
execute the workflow. We're just going
to feed in a single item past here. And
we're going to run it. And because we
had a very simple and straightforward
and easy pitch, the verdict is just
immediately false. Like, it wasn't
really that big of a deal. It wasn't
very long, right? Okay. So, what I'm
going to do now is I'm going to pin
this. I'll also pin this. What do we do
with this data? You know, it just said
verdict false. We can actually just feed
this into a filter now. And we could
say, you know, verdict has to be equal
to true. And if it's not equal to true,
then we don't proceed. So, let's execute
this. And now, you know, we discarded
verdict cuz it was false. So, we're just
not going to use this anymore, right?
And so, this is the design pattern that
you use anytime you have AI doing some
filtering. You drop an AI model that has
like a returns JSON true or false. You
just have a filter after that just
checks to see whether it's true or
false. So, that's pretty good to me. Why
don't we now feed in 10 items? Let's
unpin all of these and then we can go
and we can see what AI has to say about
all 10. Obviously going to take
significantly longer because in N8 we
run all 10 of these in parallel. So it's
actually just like all 10 of these are
going on. And it looks like of the 10
that we fed in, it spit out five. So let
me just take a peek at what five it spat
out.
Well, I guess I don't actually have too
much access to previous data, huh?
That's unfortunate. Still, that's cool.
Let us just very quickly pin this over
here. Just feed in Jason.
Let's see. The first item we fed in was
this one here, which is vice president
of data. Looks like the verdict was
false. Looks like the second one was
looking for AI product manager and
business analyst. That one was true.
That seems pretty reasonable based off
what I'm looking for. It looks like the
third one was senior data scientist.
That was false. Probably because I'm not
a data scientist. This one here is true.
Anyway, I'm just going to trust that the
filter is doing what it's doing. I don't
do this because I actually have a big
list of criteria or whatever. Obviously,
the purpose of this live build is to
show you guys how to build something
like this that you guys can then use at
scale for whatever job application
process you guys want. So, just treat
this as like a nugget and then go in and
like add your own skills, add your own
contacts, add everything about you, and
it'll do a good job. From here, what do
we actually do? Well, let me think. We
go back here. we can check it. Now what
we do is we just have another AI model
that customizes our resume to match the
specifications and standards that we
give to it. So basically we have to do
now is you see this we have to feed this
in to another AI call and that plus the
data in the HTTP request. It's just
going to kind of like meld together in
this lovely open AI call. Then from here
we're going to spit out a customized
resume and then we'll be done probably
about half of our build already. So, as
you guys could see, pretty
straightforward, pretty standard. So,
what I'm going to do first then is I'm
just going to copy the OpenAI model,
paste it in here. Then, the reason why I
do that is, you know, I just have most
of it set up for me already. Then,
instead of GPT4 Mini, which I think does
an okay job, I'm just going to use
GPT4.1. I think that, you know, the
writing is a little bit more important
than the simple filtering, yes or no.
I'm going to say job customization
assistant.
Leave the I'm looking for jobs. I'll
change to your task. Your task is to
customize a provided resume. and then
using a provided job description.
So I'm going to leave this. So here's
the job description and here I'm going
to say here is my resume
over here. We're now going to feed in
the entire resume.
Then I will say don't respond in JSON
format. Respond with only the resume,
nothing else. And I'll also say this
resume will be added to a Google doc.
So, write it in
HTML format that I can easily copy and
paste. Okay, I think this is going to be
fine. I'm not entirely sure. We're going
to give it a try, but this should be
okay.
Do we have everything we need? Job
description. Yeah, I mean, I guess we
do. It's not going to be JSON. No, it's
going to be from this filter.
It's actually going to be from this HTTP
request if you think about it. So,
what is the job description? is going to
be dollar sign and then where am I
going? I'm going down to the HTTP
request.
And then I'm uh maybe I'm going to
limit. Gez, I don't know. I feel like I
could select from either of these. Let's
go limit. And then I'm just going to
convert the entire thing to a JSON
string. Item.json and then to JSON
string. There you go. Should now have
everything.
We'll see. I think this is going to
work. I mean, it's going to be a little
bit different. Looks like for whatever
reason there is a space with two hiring
manager. Let me just go back here and
make sure I include a space. I guess I
did, huh? All right, whatever. We'll
leave it as is. It should be able to do
a pretty good job here. So, I'm just
going to unpin this. Uh, this is five
items. I just want to test it again on
one. So, I'm going to go limit for now.
I'm just going to do one, and I'm going
to execute this workflow. Now, that's
going to immediately execute all this.
Uh, looks like using the item method
doesn't work with pin data. Please unpin
filter and try again. So, I think we're
going to have to unpin a couple of
these, which is unfortunate. Let's try
this.
Yeah, same deal. I think we got to do
the basically everything from here,
which sucks. Got to filter this out.
Feeding it 10 items, right? Okay, there
we go. So, sometimes when you use the
item method, so when you go limit item
dollar sign JSON or whatever, you run
into what are called item matching
issues in NAD where it doesn't really
know which one to reference because
you've pinned some data but you haven't
pinned others. So, a quick and easy hack
is just to like unpin everything except
for whatever super crazy API call you
need and then you're good to go. So, uh
we're outputting this with like back
ticks. I really don't want it to output
with back ticks.
Yeah, I don't like that. I don't like
that at all. Can I just say
do not output any back text? No. this
and I will say your first character
should be Let's just try this. Execute
this again. Is this going to work? I
think so. Yeah, it's already running so
it's probably good. Okay, let's take a
peep at this. This looks to be keeping
in a bunch of additional information
that I don't want. Like this output a
style. I think I might just ask it to go
markdown format instead of HTML.
Markdown ETX format. Let's do this. I'll
just try this one more time. And then,
you know, I'm just going to output
markdown and then convert the markdown
to HTML. That's a little bit easier. I
think as you guys see I normally like
using output content as JSON just a lot
easier because then I can map the data
directly and also anecdotally I found
the quality of the output is usually a
little bit more systematized. This looks
good to me though. Okay cool. So now
that I'm done with this what do we want
to do? Actually need to u think about it
like upload it to a Google doc. So first
of all I'm just going to convert the
HTML to markdown or markdown to HTML.
Feed in this key. Execute that step. So
now I'm feeding in the output. And now
what we need to do is we need to create
and then update a Google doc. I don't
know if we can update it with HTML
though. Can we? Yeah. I don't know if we
can. So why don't we do this first?
Let's just create the Google doc. This
is like our next Google doc.
We're going to call it Nick Sar.
Is this the best thing you could call
it? No. You could actually call it some
else. You know, you could say like
foris, you know, whatever the name of
the company is. But for now, we're going
to create the resume. What we have to do
after we do the creating of the resume
is we actually have to like update the
resume. Now, I think the only way to
actually do this, and I only know this
cuz somebody in Maker School mentioned
this earlier, is, you know, Google Docs
has this way where if you just apply
HTML, it'll actually just automatically
create the doc with nice formatting and
stuff like that. But, NAN doesn't have a
built-in endpoint for it. So, basically,
you have to have do a custom HTTP
request. So, I'm going to kind of cheat
here because I know how to do this and
I'm not going to like work out the logic
with you as much, but I've actually done
this before in a previous build. So, I'm
just going to scroll through my builds
and I'm going to see, can I find the
thing where I make the Google doc
because, you know, I've done it before
and it's pretty cool. Okay, so I did
some digging and I found this HTTP
request. Here's how it works. Use what's
called a patch update. You feed in this
URL here. So,
googleapis.com/upload/drivev3/files
then the ID of the document that we just
created a moment ago. Upload type equals
media. Then what you do is you feed in
text/html
with the body from this markdown node.
So I'm going to go and grab all of this
data.
And this should now update the doc that
we just created a minute ago. in order
to do authentication with like let's say
you have a situation where you have a
built-in like the Google Docs builtin
that we just used to create the doc but
then you have to do some sort of HTTP
request that is not supported by nadens
builtins there's a quick and easy hack
that lets you do it way easier than what
most people are probably doing which is
just rebuilding everything and knocking
around with authentication if you go to
authentication type predefined
credential type here then under
credential type actually just put in the
thing that you connected with in the
previous built-in module so in my case
Google docs oth2 API
This will actually automatically pull
the same connection that we just created
earlier except they'll put it in an HTTP
request. And they do this to simplify
you having to stitch together platform
integrations and then custom API
requests like we're doing now. So very
very useful. Okay. So after I've done
this, what I'm going to do is I'm going
to pin this because I want the same ID
to come out. See here it says Nixive
Resume, right? I should actually be able
to go back here, go docs.google.com
google.com and see nyx resume again.
Cool. So, it's actually right over here.
You guys see how it's totally empty
right now? Well, it's totally empty cuz
all we did was we created the document.
We haven't updated yet. So, what I'm
going to do is I'm going to see if this
works to update.
So, I'm going to say add HTML to let's
resume here. Execute workflow.
Nice. Awesome. And now I actually have
my customized resume which takes all of
the information that I used and gave it
initially. Then it weaves in what the
job is looking for alongside my
experience to rewrite me something that
looks like this. So that's pretty neat.
Does a pretty good job here. I'm a
business focused AI product manager and
automation specialist with six years of
hands-on experience designing,
deploying, and scaling intelligent
automation solutions for SMBs and SAS.
Proven track record bringing structured
ambiguity, translating user pain points
into higher ROI product requirements,
and bridging business and technical
teams. I mean, that's pretty great. And
to be honest, that's more or less
exactly what I do. So uncanny. And then
it also did formatting here with like my
email address and stuff like that, which
I like. And yeah, the formatting looks
pretty clean. So if you think about it,
like we could provide it some more, you
know, formatting things if we wanted it.
We could say, hey, make sure to output
the chapter headings as like H2s or H3s
or whatever. And it would do a pretty
good job. We could also give it some
examples of what we think really high
quality rums are. So we can do that
transformation by looking at um, you
know, our examples, not necessarily just
our oneline instructions. But all in
still a pretty good job. Um, and I like
where this is going. So, I'm just going
to pin this now and then we are going to
just check this puppy off. Last thing is
we need to enrich the website and any
other information for contact details
and then send an email using a short
punchy pitch and attach a resume. Okay,
so what do we have now? Just taken
stock. We have a very long linear flow
that does Google doc content extraction.
We call a specific job search URL. We
then filter using AI. Let me just update
this now. So, it says filter job. Then
we do some math over here. or some funky
processing. Then over here we rewrite
the resume. Over here we convert it to
markdown. Over here we create new
resume. Then here we add HTML to the new
resume. What's going on after this?
Well, if this is all like data
wrangling.
Well, everything on the right of this is
basically now just outreach. So it's
sort of like a classic outreach flow.
Now, if you guys have been following my
channel for a while, you know that I do
outreach flows all the time. What I'm
going to do for this outreach flow is
I'm just going to take the website. Then
I'm going to see if we can enrich it
using a service called any mailfinder.
Enrich in this case just means grab
decision makers at these companies. And
then once we have their emails, we'll
just feed that into a little email
template and then send it out, including
our attached resume. Nothing super fancy
here. This is just an outreach flow. And
uh you know, if you guys have seen me do
this thing before, you'll know that
outreach flows, even simple ones like
this, can be extraordinarily powerful in
the right hands. So, I'm going to use
this service here called any mailfinder.
There are a million services you could
use. Okay. But I like any mailfinder
because any mailinder allows me to find
any mail. No, it's just a good service.
It's reasonably cost effective at like
higher levels and yeah, these guys are
just like pretty solid. So, how do we
use it? We use company search, person
search, decision maker search, LinkedIn
URL search. If I type leftclick.ai in
here, I look for the CEO or owner, it
actually goes and it finds me. plus my
email address. Pretty wonky, huh? Isn't
that crazy how it just does that? So,
imagine if I feed in some other company,
you know, zapier.com or whatever. If I
feed it in here, it will find me the
email address of the decision maker
here. And so, if we constrain the
company size to something small like 50
to 100, maybe like 1 to 100 or so, odds
are the founder or decision maker that
we find is either going to be equivalent
to the person doing the hiring, like
it's going to be them, or they're just
going to be known to them and can very
easily forward over our inquiry or
whatever. And odds are if somebody's a
business owner or a founder, decision
maker at a company that like, you know,
has high agency and makes things happen,
when we reach out to them with something
that's customized and punchy like this
and we put proof in the pudding and we
show them like, hey, we actually went
the extra mile. We're not just like
applying to a job with a crappy resume.
A lot of the time they really appreciate
that cuz they're the sort of person that
respects that thing cuz they're
entrepreneurial in general, right? So
yeah, that's sort of like what all this
banks on. And I found great success
using methods just like this for
businessto business outreach,
entrepreneurial, and I do it all the
time. So that's what we're going to do
here. I have 65,000 credits, so I might
as well start working through them. Got
an API key over here. So, I'm actually
just going to copy this and then I'll
also read the API documentation while
I'm at it. What do we want? We want
decision makers email. Looks like we do
this with any mailinder v5. Guess what?
We even have a curl request over here.
So, I'm just going to copy over this
curl request.
And then I'll go back here. And now I'm
just going to do another HTTP request.
Import curl. Paste all this in. Done.
Just need to fill in my API key, which
we just got a moment ago. back over
here. Right. Copy that. Paste it. What
else do we want? Domain Microsoft.
Decision maker category CEO. Well, if I
just execute this, can I get the CEO of
Microsoft? I don't know. Let's give it a
try. Yeah. Now, I think his email is
basically public knowledge at this
point, but you guys get the idea, right?
If we do leftclick.AI. Are we going to
find anything? Let's see. We may. We may
not. Nice. Yeah, we found me, right?
That's kind of neat. So now that we have
this, I'm just going to feed it in one
at a time. And what are we going to feed
in? Well, we just need the the website
URL, right? So I think what we want is
we want this limit node. And then what
we want here is we want the domain,
want the website, right? Maybe I'll just
type in a website. I'll find it.
Man, this is really long. Okay, right
over here. Company website. Cool.
Now, we're not going to be able to get
this because we're going to run into
that like node pinning thing again, but
that's okay. There's one more thing I
want to do here. There is the chance,
and I don't know for sure, but I'm
thinking there could be a chance that we
feed in a record that doesn't have a
website. So, I just want to go back to
my filter node, and I basically want to
not only filter for the verdict, but I
want to make sure they have a website.
So, I'm going to go back here to that
limit node, and then I'll go website
again. Scroll down
just to where it says company website.
I'll basically just say this
is not empty. Okay, so we actually have
a value for the website. Only if that's
true are we going to proceed. So true
and website.
Let's just like filter true and website
limit two. Okay, now that we have all
this, I'm going to grab everything.
Press P. Call this get email. And then
we'll only proceed with this
assuming that actually find the email.
So say only proceed if email is not
empty basically. Okay, which I think is
good. And that way you know like
email present
at the very end we could do some sort of
like Gmail flow. Anyway, we'll do that
in a sec. So sorry, let's keep these
pinned and then let's just run through
the whole flow one more time. With 10
jobs, let's see how many of these emails
we can get. Realistically, we usually
get between 30 to 45%. So it's not a
sure thing, right? Like not all of these
have actual email addresses associated
with them obviously, but still we can
get reasonably high enrichment rate I
want to say. So that's what we're doing.
Kind of looks like we had an issue. The
resource you are requesting could not be
found. So no underscore result. I don't
want it to return me an actual error.
That's kind of dumb. So instead of
returning an actual error now, hold on.
Is this because we're feeding in the
www? H I don't know. I don't
actually know. There could be a couple
of errors here, right? Like I'm going to
pin this now. Just got to run this.
Oops. Sorry, not uh don't pin this. If
you think about it, if I execute this
step, it runs. This is a resource. It
cannot be found. What if I just copy
this and then I paste this without this?
You know, sometimes there's a difference
between like domain name and then
resource. No. Okay. So, I think this is
just like a basically if this doesn't
find the email just returns an error.
So, what do I do on error? I actually
want to continue using the error output.
So when you do that, there's a success
route and then there's an error output.
So success route will maintain, error
output will stop. So let's execute this.
Now this error output should go down
here. Cool. So now if we feed in more
than one element, right? Like and three
of them are good and then one of them
isn't, it should be fine. So I'm going
to go over here. Let's output this to
let's just do three for now. H maybe
we'll do four. Unpin all of these.
And then I'm going to run it from here.
And we're going to try and get at least
one of these. Okay. Uh oh, good lord.
Let's try this one more time. Yeah, the
item matching issues in NAN are the big
things, honestly.
You basically just have to rerun this
every single time starting from here,
which is unfortunate. And I'm just
getting some NAN connection issues
because the server was down earlier. We
do be doing some filtering. And then I'm
just going to get kind of ahead of
myself here and just start working on
some of the logic of a Gmail node. So
I'm going to go create a So we could
create an email. I'm just going to
create a draft for simplicity.
We connect this really easily. You just
sign in with Google and voila, you're
done. Resource is going to be draft. And
I'm just going to say like re and then
I'm going to map the job title. Then
I'll just say first of all, let's see if
we can actually get the name. That'd be
really cool. But I'll probably see if I
could use the name in the email and say,
"Hey Pete, how's it going?"
