So, I spent a lot of time in my comments and DMs, and I've noticed a bunch of the same questions over and over again. Today, what I want to do is grab the most commonly asked ones, the ones that I feel are interfering with most people's ability to start a successful AI automation business. I get asked these over on my daily updates channel.

What I'm going to do is pull them in here and answer every single one of them. My goal is to save a little bit of time, ultimately get you to the point where you're making money faster. Let's get into it. Kiana says, "I've been following your channel since you're on AK subs. It's been incredible to witness your growth. One thing I've always admired is how openly you share

everything, no gatekeeping, just straight value." Thank you. wanted a pros idea for a future video, something more build with me style. I'd love to see what kind of CRM or client tracking system, whether in ClickUp or Google Sheets, you would personally build if you were starting from scratch and aiming to hit your first 10K a month.

Specifically, how do you structure a beginner CRM to track lead quality from prospect to lead to opportunity to paid client? What key systems would you set up to improve your closing probability within the first month of starting out?

Would you implement a 5,000 emails a month outreach system? Five warmed up email accounts sending 30 emails per day each. If so, how would you manage it and stay consistent? Lastly, would you add any multimodal outreach methods like Loom video? If he asks you to show a quick example or demo of your process.

I'm more of an observational kinesesthetic learner, so that would really help me. Thanks again for all the gems you dropped over the years. Keep leading from the front. You're genuinely changing lives. I really appreciate this, man. Damn, we got some real good vibes in here. I'm tearing up, but I am going to burst your bubble here. You know, you said you like the no

gatekeeping, just straight value. I am going to share this openly. I wouldn't worry about a CRM at all until you hit $10,000 a month or more. I think a CRM is just a total waste of time. Your problem, your bottleneck at under $10,000 a month is not organization.

Your bottleneck at under $10,000 a month is just doing the thing over and over and over again. Anybody can hit $10,000 a month. Hitting $10,000 a month is not a sophisticated problem. Hitting $10,000 a month is a caveman level intellect problem where you have your club and you have the button and you just go bang bang bang bang over and over and over and over again faster and stronger and

better until you hit the $10,000 a month. The sophisticated stuff comes in play later where you're trying to scale from I don't know 30 or 40 or $50,000 a month onwards. But at that level, and you know, it depends on, I guess, where you are in the world and maybe like the buying power of your local dollar or whatever. But, you know, from my perspective, at that level, you don't

inherently need any crazy sauce. You just need to do the same thing over and over again for a certain period of time. Just see Maker School as an example. Total beginners, people that have never ever made a dollar, let alone with AM Automation, but just on the internet in general, just get a list of three things that they just do over and over and over and over and over again. They don't just

$10,000 a month. They scale even further. 15, 20, 25, and so on. So, I know I'm just dog fooding my own program here. So, maybe I'll stop that. But, yeah, how would I structure a beginner CRM to track lead quality? I wouldn't I wouldn't at all. I literally wouldn't even have a CRM to be honest. I just have like a to-do list. I wouldn't like focus any of my time on that. I would

just have a to-do list. That's how I'd do everything. I would follow up with everybody, but I'd follow up with them using like lower effort, more automated methods to be real. Like, I'd use instantly sequences to do follow-ups until somebody gets back to me or whatever. How many calls you realistically having a day? Like, if you're a beginner or whatever, you're

having like maybe one call a day. So, if you have one call a day, then you just have a list of everybody that I don't know, you like pump into like a Gmail label or something called follow-ups and just every day you go on there and you just say, "Okay, like I want to follow up with people every day." So, follow up with him, follow up with her, follow up with him, follow up with her. You don't

need like a CRM for that, right? What key systems would you set up to improve your closing probabilities in the first month of starting out? Uh, the first month of starting out, like you're probably going to have a pretty closing probability to be honest. Your conversion rate is probably going to be pretty trash. So, I would just do more reps. The systems that I would set up

would be life systems that would just enable me to do the thing more often. So, are there minor changes that you could make to I don't know like your ergonomic setup or like your relationship setup or your home setup or you know like where your kids are or situated or can you get a desk in your bedroom or something like that? Can you just make your life easier in such a way

that you can do 10 Upwork applications a day or spend 30 minutes every day managing cold email or something like that? Like that's what you need to be focusing on. And those are like personal systems. They're not like business systems. Would you implement a 5,000 emails a month outreach system? That's five warmed up email accounts sending 30 emails per day each. How do you manage

it and stay consistent? Yeah, you know, I'd probably go much more than 5,000 emails a month to be honest. I mean, I double that probably a minimum because what you're seeing here is you're seeing five warmed up accounts times 30 emails per day. That's 150 emails a day, but you're not taking into account the sequence steps. If you want to have like, let's say, two emails in a

sequence on day one, you'll send 150 from for email A, and then day two, you actually only send 75 for email A and then 75 for email B. Do you know what I mean? Or or email two, you know, one and two. Like let me make it um simple with this. Unfortunately, I don't have my Excaladraw. That's why I've been avoiding this. But yeah, like day one you'll send 150 emails to step one.

Okay, day two you'll send 75 emails to step one and 75 emails to step two. Right? So then, you know, day three, if you think about it, you'll just continue going 75 emails to step one, 75 emails to step two. I guess the point I'm making is like you're basically doing 75. That's how much it averages out to.

So, if you wanted to do 30 a month times 75, you're only doing 2.1K. I think you can do way more than 2.1K. So, I I would double it. Yeah, I'd probably double it. I do like 270 a day. And I just do that because odds are I'm beginner, right, in this hypothetical. I've never done this or this the first time doing it or whatever. I don't really know what I'm doing. I don't just want to like go

balls deep basically until I've figured this out a little bit, had some feedback. Okay. Then lastly, would you add any multimodal outreach methods like Loom videos? Yeah, for sure. If so, could you show a quick example or demo of your process? more of an observational kinesesthetic learner.

That would really help. Yeah, 100%. Um, it depends on what you're talking about. Like, are you talking about Upwork? I don't know for sure, but I am just going to open up Upwork. Let's say I'm um doing my little Upwork thing and I'm uh applying to gigs on Upwork. So, what's something that looks okay? Let's open this up.

That looks cool. 80K spent. You see somebody that has 80K spent posted an hour ago. You guys got to jump on that. Now, I know it says it's like 90 bucks or whatever, but um I'd still do it. So, replicate the attach flow chart inside of making and wire up all integrations.

air table zero bounce instantly to slide slide broadcast sequences blah blah blah. Okay. Well, I'm not going to like do the prep work um in this video, but I'll show you guys how I would do the application. So, I would use a loom.

Okay. So, just like this, I would I do something like this. Hey, how's it going? My name's Nick. I'm an a automation specialist and I just came across your post looking for somebody to help you build a make.com automation for what seems like a pretty cool lead nurture funnel. I do this all the time.

So, this job post like spoke to me. Literally all I do all day is build flowcharts like you are talking about and integrate them with tools like air table instantly and so on. For context, I run an AI and automation business right now called Leftclick. And then I also have a YouTube channel just my first and my last name where I actually build out exactly what you're asking for

and I've just done it so much that people have actually ended up liking it and I just hit 117,000 subs the other day. So I don't say that to brag, just to show you that I know exactly what I'm doing and I do exactly this sort of thing literally all day long. Okay.

Okay. Now, in terms of how I build out the system specifically, uh you say that it starts with a new lead in air table and it goes to zero bounce validation. So, here's a quick flow that I set up that walks you through that process. I should note that this flow is not working. I just wanted to like put it in front of you to run you through what the logic would look like. So, you know,

step one, and this is where you would actually have spent like 2 minutes to put the thing together. Step one, you know, we have this new lead and air table module over here. Here's a demo air table that I set up in 30 seconds.

When you add a lead, what's going to happen is it's going to jump into the air table. And then you said you want to use zero bounce for validation. So zero bounce actually has a built-in module.

Then I would just put it into said module. I would then run it through the validator. There are three or four options that we could do here. And then after I'd have a filter that basically says, hey, is this above 50% email validation rate, which just historically is what we've done. I used to run a content marketing company called 1 second copy. And I scaled that to uh

over $90,000 a month using like cold email outreach. And our number was 50%. your guys number might be slightly different, but I'm happy to work with you or maybe, you know, offer some suggestions if necessary. And then from there, I would do the next step and then the next step and yada yada yada. At the end of the day, this video should be like 2 or 3 minutes or something like

that. Okay? And you don't have to go like all the way down the whole thing. You can kind of go 50/50. I mean, in this case, this guy actually offered a attachment. It looks like he built it on whimsical, too. So, I bet you he's totally seen my stuff. Anyway, so you review things, you show them how to do it. While you do it, you offer kind of a little bit of social proof. And you

provide some context about your experience. And at the end, you say something along the lines of, "I'm really confident I can knock this out of the park for you. I'd be happy to do this specific thing within 40 to 72 hours if you're willing. I'm new to Upwork, but I'm not new to automation.

I've been doing AI automation systems for the better part of the last x years. So, my main goal at this point is just to build up a little bit of profile history and yeah, as I mentioned, just like absolutely knock your socks off.

And then eventually after I knock your socks off, I want to ask you for a long-term retainer just because that sort of thing I find alliance incentives between me and my clients. I'm incentivized to learn more about your business so that I can offer more value, deliver a bigger ROI, ultimately make you guys as happy as possible, and you guys are incentivized to work with me on

a long-term stable basis. You don't have to make these hiring posts all the time, which I know can be a pain in the ass. Okay, awesome. Thank you very much. Just respond to this proposal and I'd be happy to get back to you. So yeah, you know, this one's two to three minutes, something like that. Realistically, I pin it at 1.2 2 to 1.5x speed. The reason why I do that is because think

about it like customer perspective. Even if you are really shitty on camera or whatever and you take a really long time to say things, you talk like this, the customer going to speed it up 1.5x. And if you make that the default, well, they get through the video in a shorter period of time and then you also sound more articulate. It's a win-win. Now, I had no idea what I was doing there and

it's been a minute since I've done one of these things clearly. But this is exactly the sort of vibe that I would use if I were to apply to one of these. Okay, so that's for Upwork, right? But then um we also postulated like we talked about potentially let's hypothetically say your service is like doing some sort of Twitter optimization or something. Everything that I just

showed you guys how to do for Upwork you just do on Twitter. So you know instead of saying hey I just came across a job post. You be like hey you know make sure you have their full name. A lot of people call me Nikki when they do this which is really annoying. My name isn't Nikki. Um that's actually one of the reasons why I keep it there because I can tell if somebody's just bullshitting

or somebody actually knows who I am. Like hey Nick, dude I love your stuff. I've been following you for the better part of the last 6 months. You know, I love how you do and talk about X, Y, and Z, whereas a lot of other people talk about other thing. Listen, I know for a fact you're losing like 12,000 bucks a month right now, and I'm extraordinarily specific because this is all I do. So,

what I wanted to do in this video is just spend 2 minutes just showing you how you could like fix that leak. Takes zero work on your end. I've actually given you the whole road map and the whole blueprint. And yeah, you know, you can just take this and farm it out to somebody in your team. You don't even have to touch it yourself. Like, I just really love your stuff, man. And big

follower and I've been I've been following you for a long time. I just want you to solve this so that you can and benefit and continue flourishing and and whatever. So then what do you do?

You show them the thing that you're selling them. What is the thing that you're selling them? I don't know. Maybe in this case it's like some Twitter ghost writing automator thing where it's like, "Nick, man, I know you do YouTube.

So you should pump your YouTube into this service and then the output will be a bunch of Twitter posts. This is what it looks like. Then we'll implement it in your thing and you'll just make a ton more money like this client did." And then at the end, you know, you say something like, "So as promised, you know, there's everything you need.

You'll find the files over here. You'll find like the custom generated assets. You know, I have examples of exactly how to do this step by step. You know, if you did hypothetically not want to do all this stuff yourself, or if you don't have somebody on the team to do it, I'd be happy to do it for you completely at cost. It wouldn't cost you a scent. I would take care of it all myself. And

only if you loved working with me for, let's say, the next 14 days, would I at the end of this ask for some sort of retainer subscription, but my goal is to overwhelm you and just drown you in value. So, I'll make sure I do that before we ever get to that point. Okay.

Thank you very much. You know, just respond to my email and I'll I'll do it all for you or something. That's the sort of vibe that you give to creators like myself and really anybody else that you're reaching on like a B2B basis.

This is like the drown in value vibe and people just love that stuff. Okay, so yeah, that's the multimodal outreach method. That's a 5,000 emails a month. That's how you improve your closing probability. Uh and then yeah, you don't need a CRM. Okay, no CRM. Definitely don't do that. Dead Thunder 11 says, "Yo, Nick, thanks for this info. I'm wondering, do I need a team for my

agency or can I run it solo?" You can absolutely run it solo. I ran my agency solo for a very long time. Then I uh ran my info product solo for a very long time as well. The limit that most people say you need to start hiring at is actually a lot higher than you think.

And the benefit to not hiring right away, just so everybody's on the same page, is that let's say you're at $5,000 bucks a month and you start thinking, "Oh man, it's so hard to keep up with this stuff. I should hire somebody." One, the higher you're going to get at $5,000 a month is going to suck. You don't really have a very good budget to get good people. So odds are you're

going to end up with some issues on that side of things. either they're going to need to be trained or managed more than average or their longevity is just a little bit lower or I don't know, there's just some other issue with hires at that level, which is unfortunate. The likelihood of them working out is lower.

Okay. Um, let's say you do end up hiring them and then two months go by and you train them up and everything is good. Now you're making $5,000 a month, you pay them $3,000 a month, now you're making $2,000 a month. They're never going to be able to do the thing as good as you, which is just an unfortunate reality. And uh, your agency is going to grow slower because of it, because of,

you know, poor retention, poor customer quality control and and stuff like that. Okay. You know, contrast this with a totally different idea. Instead of you just running the exact same business model in universe B, you reach $5,000 a month and you think, hey, rather than hiring somebody, how can I shift the way that my business operates so that I can increase the total ceiling revenue

attainable with just me? So, I'll give you a quick example that a lot of people end up doing, myself included. Instead of selling these damn notifications, instead instead of selling custom builds like most people do from 0 to one, you start selling productized services instead. So instead of you having to go through a big scoping step and then learn potentially new software platforms

and then do lengthy revisions and stuff like that and you make a $5,000 project with it, maybe you dial it back and you build a really simple deliverable and it's just like a CRM setup or something like that and then it eliminates all those steps because you've already fixed most of those variables. Maybe the customer gives you some direction, but for the most part it's you. And then

instead of just doing one of those a month or something, now you can do five. And instead of charging $5,000, you're charging $2,000 because it's a smaller, simpler project. But two times five is 10, which is two times what you're making at $5,000. Do you kind of see my point here? I guess to make a long story short, every time you're faced with this like, holy I don't really know if

I can keep going path, the fork in the road on your path, you sort of have two choices. And choice number one is higher and then continue doing the same business model just slower. And then the other choice is okay, think about how you could remake your business model to function at a higher level of leverage, which is what I've done, what a lot of other people here do. And this is how

freelancers and solo agencies are hitting, you know, 20, 30, and 40k months. Steve Abraham 7440 says, "Yo, Nick, I've watched your videos, noticed the automated email setup, but what if I have to really concentrate the follow-up sequences? I believe tools like Instant and others would help with this. Also, what if I'm out of money? I've created a scenario for follow-ups. The confusing

part is when I should follow up after the initial emails. I personally do a 74 30 days to send follow-ups, but I don't receive any responses from it. Now, I'm not sure whether it's the structure of the email or the follow-ups. I want to sell expensive glass artworks to the architecture market, real estate developers, and construction where the artworks can be used. Wow, this is

really interesting. I don't think I've ever heard of this niche before, but um just because it's so interesting, why don't I take this and then maybe make a little screenshot in here and then run you through what I would do. So, first and foremost, I think a major issue you're having is you're sending follow-ups at like 7,4 and then 30-day cadences. Like, this might work if

you're like a real estate person and you're just following up with people on large large deal sizes and you want to give them as much room to breathe as humanly possible while also understanding that like there are some complexities in larger deals. I don't think your deal really qualifies. If I were you, I would cut that way down and I would make it a lot more palatable to

like today's average internet user. Follow up with them every 48 hours or so. So, you know, if I could give you a prescription, this is Dr. Nick and he's giving you a prescription, it would be shortened follow-ups to, you know, 48 hours. Okay. So, inside of instantly, which I will sign into right now, but it will take a while cuz they have some weird anti- scraping protections. And I

don't know if I've just scraped so much stuff at this point that like the Cloudflare verification always thinks that I'm a robot, but I always have to load it like three or four times. What this means instantly if you're using a tool like this is head over to something like this sequences. Okay, step one. You can have all your split tests here for on the hyper growth plan. That's what I

have. And then down here where it says send next message in 2 days, just change this. So, right now it's seven. Go two. Okay. Right off the bat, that's number one. The second thing that I would do is change followup subject lines. So, what's really interesting, and I've run this test on a number of occasions. I haven't done this on this one. Um, this is a campaign I created live on video,

and you know, I've since scaled to about a 4% reply rate. I paused it a while ago just cuz I was getting so many replies and I didn't really want to leave a bunch of people hanging. It's funny. I actually have somebody being like, "I said I'm interested. This is the first time someone cold emails me and doesn't get back to me." That's when I was like, "All right, I should probably turn this

off." But the subject line here on the follow-up is actually really important, believe it or not. Um, if you change the subject line, you're going to have a higher reply rate on follow-ups almost like by default, so long as your subject lines don't suck. But stuff like re, you know, whatever does not perform as well as just an entirely new one. So, you know, instead of just going re, which is

automatically what happens if you leave the subject line empty, it just uses the previous step subject. Instead, add a new subject line and make it personalized like add a like like first name or something. Again, go like Q first name or something. Okay? Something that's super casual, something lowerase, something that just gets people to at least click on it. And then, um, in the

follow-up, do something where you specifically add. So, I said C previous email here because I was specifically leveraging the re. Um, but do something where you where you basically do like a cliffnotes. Cliff notes in case you don't remember, you know, I do this.

This is why I reached out to you. This is what I'm looking for. Let me know if you'd be into it. And then, you know, see previous email if you have more questions. Something like that usually works much much better. So, if you want to improve the quality of the follow-ups, do that as well. Um, change the follow-up subject lines and then include some context in the follow-up.

You have to do this if you're doing this approach because otherwise it'll just seem like discombobulated emails. And then what else do we got? Yeah, if you want to really concentrate on the follow-up sequences is how you do it.

Oh, and then my last thing is just start with two. Start with a sequence of two. If you go much further than two, at least initially, you're running the risk of your primary email copy being really bad and then your follow-up email copy being really bad and then everybody just getting like emails from you having bad taste in their mouth and then just marking you spam. So instead, what you

have to do is you have to launch the campaign with just like two follow-ups to start. This is my recommendation. See where your reply rates are at. If they're reasonable, and if you get mostly positive replies, if it's like, I don't know, something like my watch me start and sell campaign, which you guys can check out on my main channel if you guys want an example of or now I'm

getting, you know, 3ish% positive reply rates, totally cold, that's good, right? Then you add another follow-up because odds are you haven't squeezed all the juice out of it. And then you run that for a week and then if you see your deliverability go down or if you see the total reply rate not meaningfully change, then you don't add another one.

But if you don't see these things change, then you continue adding them basically on a weekly cadence until eventually uh you get to the point where they're just diminishing returns and people are marking you as spam. So hopefully what I'm saying there makes sense. That's kind of nuance, but yeah, like always start with fewer follow-ups than you think and then validate that

that works. And if it works, then start adding follow-ups because every time you add a follow-up, you will be increasing your reply rate. This is one of the simplest and easiest ways to get a campaign that's okay. It's launched at like a like a 2.5 3% reply rate um off the bat and then you know, you add an additional followup, now it's four. You had an additional followup, now it's

4.5. You had an additional follow-up, now it's five. You can legitimately like, you know, almost 2x the reply rate just with good follow-ups. So, yeah. And then, you know, add gradually, I'll say, avoiding spam. So, this is my prescription for you. Okay. This is what I would do if I were in your shoes. And the fact that you're selling expensive glass artworks, the architecture market,

real estate developers, and construction, that's really interesting. I feel like you do need a good pitch. So, I don't know what your pitch is, but I don't know, man. And if you want me to roast you, just leave your whole email copy like in a comment and then I'm happy to do it on future ones. B3 Anna 3 says, "Hey Nick, just started your main course. I'm fresh out of high school,

18. Have tons of time currently. Pretty much just watch your videos religiously all day from both your channels ever since I found you." Anyway, I want to use OpenAI tokens, but they don't seem to be free. I'm getting quite frustrated cuz I'm realizing how you need at least a little initial capital to start an agency. And I know you talked about the time-consuming methods, cold DMs, and

emails, but realistically, wouldn't it be harder to get clients to even bootstrap from there? It would be. Yeah. Also, I don't have anything to put on my business card. Do you have any ideas on what I should do? Should I work part-time? Also, I took your advice on avoiding short-term content like the plague and it's been really great. I find myself way less distracted than it

used to be. I really appreciate the content you put out. You're very inspiring. Sorry for like a billion questions. No problem. Let us enumerate the questions here. So, the first one is, wouldn't it be harder to get clients to even bootstrap from there? It's much harder to get clients when you have no available capital B3 and A3 because you don't have anything to trade or win back

some time with. So, you do have to spend more time up front. I love the idea of bootstrapping because I make something from nothing essentially. And I think that's just so incredibly powerful when you do it right. I'm not on my hands and knees begging for investor money. I have the capability, freedom, agency, and autonomy to do whatever the hell I want with my own money. And when it's your

own money, you tend to spend it a lot more intelligently than when it's somebody else's money, despite how much easier it is to move forward with somebody else's money. So, it's much harder to get clients if you have no money. Now, if you have $100, it's a lot easier to get clients than if you have $0. If you have $1,000, it's only marginally easier to get clients than if

you have $100. So the easiness kind of shoots up, you know, like it's it's a lot easier, a lot quicker with a little bit of money. And then if you have like a ton of money, it doesn't actually get that much easier. I don't have anything to put on my business card. Do you have any ideas of what I should do? When you say business card, do you mean like your portfolio? If you mean a physical

business card, wouldn't even worry about a business card. I don't have a business card for left click. Never did, never will. Definitely don't have one for this other business. The only real purpose of a business card is when you're going door todoor or you're going to trade shows or conferences or something. If you're talking portfolio, I think you should take my make.com blueprints.

Probably start with make. It's easiest. And then um just rebuild or make some slight tweaks to them and then boom. Now you have three systems that you have just taken from me essentially. But you've added I don't know your own flare. Change the prompt, change the email copy, add some cute little flowery. I'm assuming you're you're a girl here and I'm just sort of screwing

with you here. But just add like some some cute little thing there. It makes it look a little bit different than mine. Basically, the point I'm making is convince yourself that it's yours now.

Okay. It's B3 Anna 3s and not Nicks. And then once you have that, you could take some screenshots of those and now you have portfolio pieces for Upwork. Should I work part-time? I do love the idea of working part-time for somebody that's at the start line of their automation business because now you have some sort of disposable income and capital. And keep in mind now you don't have 8 hours

a day or whatever, 16 hours a day to build your business. You have less time. But that's not actually a negative. When you introduce a constraint into your life, like let's say less time or fewer hours because you have some job or whatever, you actually grow more efficient with the time that you have left. assuming that you are the sort of person who is willing to complete the

same output in the shorter amount of time. So, I know I'm making some assumptions there, but constraints are how you grow. If you have a major constraint and you still want to make it happen, you're going to find a way to make it happen. That usually involves you working a little bit more effectively. All right? So, if you can get a part-time job, maybe you'll get

yourself that first $100 in like a week or something, and then you can take the $100 the next week, spend it on outreach methods, and then you can 5x the speed at which you get your first three automation clients. I feel like you changed your name. I'm sleepy said you mentioned your most profitable system was your cold outreach system using insta can you break down the system for

us also do you and house set up mailboxes just use the ones the client already has yeah I'll break it down step by step so first of all there's sort of like a manual way and there's an automatic way so manual is you go to apollo.com and then um you create a search URL on apollo.com so maybe like I don't know creative agencies you put in a bunch of info let me see if I'm logged

in here I have a creative agency search set up cuz I did this for a video you go here uh to people and then you do a search. So I'm just searching for creative agencies, right? And what you do is you copy this URL. You go to appify.com. What you want is you want there's a bunch of different scrapers, but just type in Apollo and there'll be a bunch. The one that was really popular

that I helped popularize is this one here because it's a $120 per thousand leads. And what you do is you paste the URL in this bar and then you pay $120 per thousand. Okay. So I've already run this a couple time. I think I ran this yesterday or the day before, right? Uh yeah, a couple days ago. So 500 leads.

So then from here you get output. Output includes first name, last name, country, and then a bunch of email addresses. See these? These are actual email addresses of people. We got these in two steps for like a couple bucks. What you do with this is you export it as a CSV. Let me just write all the stuff down. And you scrape. And I like using the code crafter one. You export this as a CSV.

Then you feed into AI. When I say feed into AI, I mean you'll literally grab this exported CSV. Okay? Then you'll pump it into like make.com or NAD and then you'll go here message model.

You'll say something like you're a helpful intelligent writing assistant. I don't know. It's just my default. I don't think that works as good as uh other ones. And you say your task is to create a personalized oneline icebreaker based on a bunch of profile information about the lead about the lead I'm about to reach out to. You'll receive XYZ data. Okay, just

whatever data is in the spreadsheet that you want to customize based off of. Format your icebreaker as follows. And then I usually do like um I don't know some JSON formatting which is just really easy. And then I'll have like hey name loved your X. Big fan of Y as well.

Figured I'd connect. Okay. So you do this and then you add another message and then you just add all the d you know your data goes here. Okay. Then you run it across your entire data set. So you use like a Google sheet module or node or something like that and it'll like iterate through it all and then you do it for all of the lines and then you take that and you upload it to

instantly.ai or smart lead or one of these services. That's kind of like the manual way and I usually do all the copyrightiting everything like that myself because I'm just much better at that. The automatic way is um you have like a Google Drive watch folder. So there's um like web hooks out there that allow you to watch to see if a file is uploaded to Google Drive. What you do is

you set up an automation so that watches a Google Drive. When somebody uploads a sheet to a Google Drive like the lead sheet that I just talked about, it'll automatically do all this stuff for you.

So you don't actually have to run it and then it'll automatically add it to instantly in the automatic campaign or the automatic sequence that you've already set up. And so in that way all you or somebody else in the team does is if you're managing it all you literally just go through and you can scrape the leads automatically using appy as well.

Like there's a web hook that does it all. You know the simplest way is you just tell somebody on the team like hey you just drag and drop the leads into here. Um the leads just have to be formatted in the spreadsheet uh template. So once you have the spreadsheet template add all the leads, pump them in and then we'll manage everything completely autonomously for

you behind the scenes. The benefit to this is uh you basically now have like 50 different lead sources that you could throw in there, right? like um as opposed to you only having this one mechanism, what you could do is, you know, maybe they have some leads that they get through a conference or something. This happened to me once.

Maybe they have some leads that they got through Apollo, but maybe they also bought some leads using Zoom Info. See, it's been so long since I've ever used an aggregator like Zoom Info that I don't even Maybe they have a bunch of leads through LinkedIn.

Maybe they scrape their leads some other way. or maybe they have a VA like manually assemble the leads. Okay, the benefit with this is this drive kicks in right at this step here and then it uploads to instantly and basically manages the whole campaign for them. And then I've also done some additional like lead nurturing things. I used to have all this stuff out of the box. I haven't

sold one of these in uh quite a while, probably like three or four months, a couple months, but I used to have all this stuff um out of the box where like I would have like three or four add-ons.

It' be like a lead nurturing add-on, there'd be like some other thing. The lead nurturing would be like an autoresponder. So, if we get a response to one of the instantly emails, and we get them between the hours of, I don't know, like 6:00 p.m. to like 7:00 a.m., we'd actually immediately respond. It'd be like, "Hey, Peter, thanks so much for

getting back to me. Sure. Let me follow up with you in the morning. Um, I'm just, you know, tucking my kids in right now." Or something like that. The importance there is you're still contacting the lead immediately. So, you give them the perception that like you're attentive and they really like that and then this buys you a little bit of time. And then somebody on the other

end of the line, like somebody on their team or you, if you're managing it all themselves, which is usually what I recommend because I'm better at it, then you know, like the response rate goes up. How do I give social proof, gain trust from my clients? And after signing my first client, can you give me the process on delivery group and a payment?

How can I easily find clients and getting leads? I want to get some initial clients. Thanks once again. I just got to turn off my Airbnb's AC cuz it keeps on coming on and off. So I should note that you're not going to like find clients easily. It is simple to find clients, but it is not easy to be clear. So things that are simple are not necessarily things that are easy.

This is a great example of that. You're probably going to have a tough time doing this for sure. Not to scare you, it's just client acquisition is the toughest part of this. So maybe focus less on the easy part and just you know the simple part. And so how do you give social proof uh to people? You need to have some sort of like demonstrated revenue or savings success. I usually

recommend having it of the form I generated X for Y using Z because that frontloads the benefit. So I generated $153,821 for a B2B SAS company using CRO systems.

That's a great example. I generated $92,000 a month for a content writing business using content production systems. That's another good example. Stuff like this. You get like three or four of these like oneline case studies and then you put them on like your website, you put them on your Upwork profile and then also you just like remember them. Oh, you know that that

reminds me of a concert writing company I was working with. They were asking for something really similar. We ended up scaling them to $92,000 a month. Do you want me to show you how? And it's like, okay, cool. You're really going to like this. That's pretty interesting. So then you share your screen and then like, you know, run them through what the system is. So if you're at the start line, you

probably don't have the stuff directly for automation, but you may have uh experience in other industries that you can bring over here. And then if you don't have that, then don't get me wrong, like most people do start at the start line. rocket scientist didn't build a perfect rocket the first time, nor did a heart surgeon do his heart surgery perfectly the first time. Like

everybody's got to start somewhere, right? So, if you have nowhere to start, then you just say stuff like, "I built a cold email system that did X, Y, and Z thing." And then you just build it for yourself. That's sort of how you bootstrap it. Yeah. And then delivery, agreement, and payment. I mean, you know, I do talk about this pretty often on this channel. Delivery is just do you

build it in their own workspace. Agreements, I'm not a big fan of agreements. I usually just do some sort of proposal with like very minimal legal ease payment. Um I usually just bundle it in with the proposal. So they deal with the legal ease, they deal with the proposal, and then I get the payment and I do it all in one as opposed to, you know, me having to go back and forth and

send them and whatnot. And there you have it. I hope these answers gave you some clarity on the challenges that most people face with automation businesses. And here's the thing. This is just a very small subset of all of the questions that I get every day over on my daily updates channel. So, if you enjoyed this format and you guys want more direct answers to your questions. I

literally check every single comment over there. I've never skipped one and I'm not about to. Just head to the link in the description, subscribe, drop your questions, and I promise I will address them in an upcoming video. For those of you that are ready to accelerate your journey and join a community of people that are actually making real money with AI automation, check out Maker School.

We got over 2,500 members who typically get their first clients within the month or two of joining thanks to our 90-day built-in accountability program. Otherwise, hit that subscribe button if you haven't already, and I'll see all you'all in the next video.
