Hey, I'm about to build an AI system
live in front of you that automatically
transforms any podcast into engaging Tik
Tok and Instagram clips. It extracts the
best highlights, adds attention grabbing
background videos, and also generates
captions, even posts everything
automatically. A systems like this you
can easily sell for a,000 to $2,000 to
podcast content creators, and anybody in
the digital media space. If this is your
first time here, my name is Nick. I
scaled my own AI automation agency at
over 72K a month, and I'm now leading
one of the biggest AI automation
communities with almost 3,000 automation
freelancers and agency owners. Today,
I'm going to build this entire system
from scratch using NADN. I'm going to
walk you through my exact thought
process. I'm going to show you guys all
the deadends and the detours so you guys
could see what an actual development
process looks like. And if you stick
around till the end, I'll show you guys
how to grab the complete system for free
and immediately start selling it to
podcasts, content creators, and anybody
in the digital media space, as I
mentioned, for 1 to 2,000 bucks a pop.
So, here's the system we're about to
build. But before I show you guys the
actual demo, let me give you guys the
business context around this, cuz I
think that understanding the why is just
as important as the how. What we're
building today automatically transforms
long- form podcast content into engaging
short form clips. So if you guys have
ever tried creating, you know, Tik Toks
from podcast episodes or long form
media, you know that it is a massive
time sync. You have to look at hours of
editing for just a few clips, you have
to spend tons of time finding the good
moments, you know, cutting them down,
adding backgrounds and captions and so
on and so forth. This automation handles
all that. All you do is you feed in a
podcast URL and it'll analyze the entire
episode, then extract the most engaging
segments using AI. And the idea is to
create attentiongrabbing background
videos, captions, and so on and so forth
completely automatically. A 60-minute
podcast can become 10 to 12 ready to
post clips. And you don't need to touch
an editor for that. So for my AI
automation people here, you can easily
sell this for 1 to 2K because podcasters
immediately see the value in something
like this. This is a need that they
have. You get consistent Tik Tok,
Instagram, and YouTube short presence.
And you get that without adding
additional editing hours to your
workflow. You don't have to like hire
anybody. And it gets you about 90% of
the way there. So the system we're
building uses AI to highlight
extraction. We automatically handle the
video editing and captioning and then
ultimately get everything ready for
posting. Hopefully what I've said here
convinces you guys that the system has
value in real business use cases. I run
a podcast myself and use flows like this
all the time for my own. Now let's dive
into the actual build.
This is a demo of the finished flow. The
way that it works is we have two
sections. The first is the scrape and
send. The second is the retrieve and
generate. What scrape and send does, to
make a long story short, is it uses an
RSS feed to scrape my channel, then get
YouTube video links to all of my most
recent content before sending it using
an API called Visard, which allows us to
generate shorts automatically. These
shorts are then added to a project queue
using this tool. As you can see here,
we've added a number of them. We then
catch the results with a web hook for
time purposes. This flow usually takes
between 5 to 10 minutes. And just
because I want to demo it, I'm going to
show it to you guys immediately. You
just click execute workflow. It'll
retrieve the project from Visar that'll
include a bunch of data like the
transcript, video URL, and so on and so
forth. And then we'll run it through a
simple flow that generates an Instagram
or Tik Tok caption before adding it to
our database. This is our database. It
includes a video ID, project ID, video
URL. This video URL over here is where
the actual completed clips are
generated. So, if I just open this in a
new tab, you'll see it actually
automatically downloads it. And then we
end up with high quality clips like
this. So the biggest obstacle here is
not technical skills. It's not finding
clients. It's taking action and putting
yourself out there. Most people who try
this are going to overthink it. They're
going to over plan it and ultimately
self-sabotage before they can get their
first client. That clip was generated
completely automatically and something
like 5 to 10 minutes. I had absolutely
no human intervention here. The Visard
API and then the rest of the system
handled this autonomously. Finally,
we'll send over a Gmail to whoever on
the team wants to be notified every time
that this is done. It'll just include a
brief little description that the clips
are ready to go and then a link to the
spreadsheet of interest, which by the
way, you guys can get at the end of the
video. So, if you guys want this sort of
flow, definitely stick around till the
end. I'll show you guys how to do it all
and then I'll even show you guys how to
get the setup on your own workspace.
All right, so as mentioned, this is a
live build, meaning I haven't actually
done the building yet. But I want you
guys to know that I prefer doing all of
the building in front of you and then
leaving in all my detours and stumbling
blocks cuz I think it's a lot more
instructive of a way to show people how
to put together systems. I've noticed a
trend on YouTube where they just show
you guys like the really sexy finished
product. And while I think that's, you
know, marginally useful to look at a
finished product and then to sort of
like ask yourself, okay, well, so how
did we get here is a lot more difficult
than actually just watching somebody go
through the process of getting there.
And that's what I aim to do with all my
content. So I don't actually know
exactly what I'm going to do. Got a
blank NAD workflow over here that I'm
just going to create. And then basically
what I have here is I have an outline of
a couple of ideas that I think are
probably going to work, but I don't know
for sure. So yeah, you know, in a
nutshell, basically what we're going to
start with is we're going to use one of
the few tools available that do like
short form transcription plus slicing
and stuff like that just out of the box.
And the reason why I'm using one of
these as opposed to like rebuilding a
wheel is just because I've seen how a
bunch of other people try and do this
thing and just way too complicated. It's
way too fragile. The reality is is like
there are bespoke specific machine
learning models that these companies
have access to. just do everything we're
asking for automatically and then slap a
caption on top. So, that's going to be
my approach. After we're done with that,
we're going to create a database to
store the content calendar. Now, when I
say database, just know I mean a Google
sheet. And then finally, add a data
source that'll let you clip things
automatically. When I say data source, I
mean like one big reason why I think
this system is so cool and one of the
reasons why I'm making it is because I
currently run a creator reward campaign.
To make a long story short, I pay people
to clip my content and then turn it into
shorts and then publish it on social
media platforms for me. So, this system
is basically going to do that out of the
box. I'll be able to feed my own content
into it, create shorts automatically for
me, and then either give it away to the
clippers to do all the rest of the work
or like give the system to the clippers
and have them use it for themselves.
This is pretty cool. I think there's a
lot of leverage in a system like this.
So, let's get to building. Okay, so the
very first step is I need to choose a
software platform that I'm going to be
doing this on. And I got two that I'm
picking from right now. One's called
Clap, the other's called Visard. Both do
what we're asking for. Basically, they
allow us to through an API request send
a video in. Those videos can be, I
think, binary or they can be like a a
YouTube video link. I'm obviously going
to prefer the YouTube video links
because that's so easy. And then they go
through some, you know, custom
processing pipeline with probably some
bespoke machine learning model and then
they output something. So this is Clap.
I'm just going to check the pricing real
quick. And then this is Visard. Just
going to jump onto this. I'm not
affiliated with either of these just to
be abundantly clear.
Uh, I mean, you know, this one
definitely looks a lot cheaper. And all
I'm really doing here is, uh, you know,
just making like a demo flow right now.
So, what I could do is I could build
this out with Visard at 29 bucks a
month. And then, assuming that it works,
if I need the functionality of Clap,
then I can move it up to Clap. But I
think this is fine. Like, you know, I
get API usage. I can upload 600 minutes
of content, upload 4K. Okay. Yeah, that
sounds fine. So, very first thing I'm
going to do is I'm just going to
subscribe to this platform. Okay. And
I'm right over here. Completely new
software platform. never used this in my
life. What do I actually care about here
with the software platform? I care about
their API. So, I'm going to go visit API
and I did already check to see that they
had an API. That was the most important
thing for me. So, what do we got?
Introduction, quick start. Okay, let me
show you guys how I always find API
authentications and so on and so forth
as quickly and easily as possible. The
best APIs always have a quick start. So,
that's what we're going for. We click on
a quick start, follow these steps to
quickly start using their API. First,
obtain your API key. So, I'm going to go
over here. And how the hell do you do
that? Log into your account. Make sure
you're on a paid plan. Okay. So, right,
I need to pay for it. Okay. So, now that
I've paid, I now can grab my API key.
So, where is this? You click on this
button up here and then API. Looks nice.
So, generate API key. Going to copy this
puppy over. And now, what the hell do
they want me to do next? Submit a video
for clipping. Send your video to the API
to start processing. Awesome. So, what
I'm going to do now is I'm just going to
copy this whole curl request. Anytime
you have a curl request and you're
developing something in NAD, it is the
bee's knees. All you do is you type an
HTTP request, click import curl, paste
in the curl request. When you do the
importing, it'll actually automatically
map everything for you. Obviously, the
one thing they didn't is the API key,
right? So, I'm just going to go and grab
my API key again. Paste it in here. And
then looks like we have language as a
parameter, prefer length, video URL, and
then um this. Now, I don't actually know
what any of these mean. Let me at least
look try and figure it out first. Okay,
so it looks like what we do first is we
submit a video for clipping, then we
retrieve the clips after. That's really
interesting. I think I'm probably going
to want to use this web hook automatic
notification. So yeah, let's do that. So
um configure a web hook URL in the
workspace before submitting a video to
automatically get notified once the
clips are ready. The API will post the
clips metadata to your web hook
endpoint. So what does that mean? We
have to do going to set up a web hook.
Then what I want to do is they say post,
right? It'll post the clips metadata to
your web hook endpoint. So this has to
now be a post endpoint. Cool. And then
yeah, we should just be able to copy
this.
Then I don't know, can I listen to a
testament while I'm sending? Okay, no I
can't. But that's all right. I'm going
to do both at the same time. So that
sounds pretty good. Now I just need to
grab that URL and then paste it under
the web hook section.
That's easy enough. Cool. So now what
I'm doing is I'm going to send a request
and then they're going to do the
processing because it's AI. It takes a
little while. Then they're going to send
it back to me at the web hook address
that I specified. If you guys haven't
heard of this design pattern before,
it's called a call back, but I don't
really know what all these things mean.
Okay, so parameter video type YouTube.
Okay, cool. Video URL. Okay, cool. Clip
length. Prefer length automatically
chosen. Okay, so we can actually prefer
certain length. Okay, yeah, know this
looks pretty sick. So, what video am I
going to do? Uh, why don't I just go on
my own YouTube channel and then why
don't I find a video that's like
reasonably short. Not the longest video,
but not the shortest one. the best
online business for beginners to start.
I know for a fact this one's pretty
short, so I should be able to go back
here, pump this in, right? Okay, cool. I
did. I'm noticing that there's like a
parameter here, an and ab channel and t.
Actually, if we get rid of this stuff,
be better. Okay, and now I have
everything that I need. So, I'm just
going to execute this step. Looks like
it was sent. Now, what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to listen for a
testament just in case it comes back.
But yeah, like suffice to say things
went well. We received a code of 2,00. I
don't know why it's 2,000, not 200.
Usually it's 200. Then we also received
a project ID. If I go into my Visard
thing, looks like I actually have it,
which is really cool. So, you know, this
is now currently generating the clips
and stuff. Typically takes a few
minutes. Um, but then yeah, once all of
the stuff is done, I'm going to get the
results right back. Okay. And while
we're waiting for this, why don't I go
and start setting up the database. When
I say database, just to be clear, what I
mean is I mean a Google sheet. Google
Sheets are databases are Google Sheets.
It's super simple and straightforward.
All we're going to do is go sheets new.
That's their little like TLDD that they
bought that allows you to like really
quickly and easily whip up a Google
sheet. I'm going to call this like
shorts database. And now, if you think
about it, there are a couple columns
that you're going to want in all of the
shorts that you generate. You know, the
first thing I'm going to want is I'm
going to want this project ID here. The
reason why is because in any database,
you always want what's called a unique
key. And I'm assuming that these
projects that I'm going to be creating
are always going to be unique. So, this
will be some unique number. this will be
some other unique number. This will be a
unique number and so on and so on and so
forth. And each of these because they're
unique are going to distinguish them as
individual records in the database. If
there are two of the same, that'll mean
that we have effectively duplicated a
record. And then I'll build logic in
that checks and double checks to see if
there's already something in the
database. If there is, then it'll
overwrite it. And then if not, then
we'll just create a new record. This is
just like pretty standard database
stuff. And I don't mean to scare you
guys away with that. You don't actually
need to think super hard about this. As
you see, just have a project ID column.
probably good. Okay, so I know for sure
I'm going to want some sort of project
ID, but what other information is there
that I might be able to use? I just went
to their API and I found retrieve video
clips and I'm seeing there's an example
response here. I'm pretty sure this is
all the data that kind of comes in when
you make an API request or when the web
hook gets called. So, let's just work
our way top code. Do I need a code? No,
obviously not. Share link. This is
probably the share link to the parent
project, which I imagine contains all
the videos. So, I mean, like, you know,
I should probably keep this just in
case, but it's probably just like the ID
wrapped around a URL. So, not that
important. This is the most important
part is the videos array. And because
it's an array, usually anytime you see a
dot dot dot, they're implying that
there's going to be more records. These
are the things I'm going to put in. So,
actually, project ID is not going to be
my unique key. Video ID is this is going
to be a pipeline of videos. Okay, so
video ID will go here and then project
ID over here. And then every video will
have a video URL. So this is how we
associate it to the same project. This
is video URL video millisecond duration.
Sure, why not? Title transcript viral
score viral reason. I'm just going to
copy this and I'll say this is a schema
turn into CSV headers that I can copy
paste into sheets. Well, I guess I
didn't need to do that. It took me just
as long to write that as it did to
actually copy and paste it. But let this
be a lesson. You guys could do this
anytime you want. You just go to data
and then split text into columns. It'll
automatically add them all for you. So,
this looks pretty good to me. Clip
editor URL. I don't really know about
this related topic. I don't really know
about that, but anyway, this looks fine.
And then, yeah, there's the project ID.
So, I'm going to grab the project ID.
I'm going to grab the video ID. And then
we should have the video URL. And I
imagine we could probably watch this
immediately, which is sufficient. I'm
also seeing a couple other things here.
I'm seeing viral score, viral reason.
So, it looks like there's some stuff
going on here. What we could do is we
could pass the transcript through AI and
then have that generate like a title for
the YouTube video and maybe like a
caption. That probably makes sense. Like
an Instagram caption or a Tik Tok
caption. I think we'll probably do that.
So that'll allow us to add a little bit
more complexity to this project and then
also automatically create some stuff. So
why don't we do that here? We'll call it
video caption or maybe we'll go
generated caption. Let's do that. All
right. So now we have the database ready
in the same amount of time that it was
going to have taken us to actually get
our very first request. Okay. Okay, so I
just jumped onto Visard and saw the
project had completed. Just thumbming
through here. It looks like just
because, you know, my content usually
involves some sort of screen share
that's baked in. Some of the bottom half
videos are kind of pixelated and stuff.
This one looks pretty cool. So, why
don't I play it and see what it's
saying? Video is not technically skills.
It's not finding clients. It's taking
action and putting yourself out there.
Most people who try this aren't on
Google. They're going to over planet and
ultimately self-sabotage before they
even get their first client. the
biggest.
Nice. This seems pretty great. Yeah,
it's fantastic. Let's see this one. Will
intentionally sell simple systems made
using straightforward no code tools the
customer can understand actually
maintain themselves. Cool. So, I mean,
this looks to be like the vast majority
of what I was looking for. I bet you if
we were to feed in just like 30 minutes
of straight me talking head full screen,
it would do extraordinarily well with
it. The question is, how do we get it?
So, I had a web hook going. The thing is
web hooks in N8N when you're testing
time out I think after 30 seconds or
something like that. So I clicked listen
to web hook 30 seconds went by video
process and we're like 10 minutes I
obviously didn't get it. So I see now
why polling was a pretty major point of
their API because basically we just pull
over and over and over and over and over
again verify that you know it's online
or not. So I mean we could set this up
with a web hook but just because of the
testing loop I I don't think I'm going
to do that for now. Basically what we're
going to do is we're just going to call
this URL right over here. Just going to
copy this now and go back to get done.
And I mean I just did this offscreen but
let me rebuild it again just for
posterity. Import curl. Let's paste this
in. So now you'll see the structure of
the API call has changed quite a bit.
It's a get request and then we get this
project ID and we also feed in the API
key. So two things we need obviously.
I'm just going to go back to my old HTTP
request and then I'm going to grab the
API key here.
And then uh what else did we get?
Project ID. I think we got a project ID
as well, didn't we? So this was the API
key. Oh yes, 21292525.
Project ID is just going to be in the
URL here. So I paste that in here. And
now we have ELB- API blah blah blah/
whatever the heck we're looking for. So
let's execute this. What do we end up
getting? We end up getting the data
structure we were looking for. We have a
videos array with a viral score, related
topic, transcript, video URL, clip edit
URL, millisecond duration, video ID,
title, and viral reason. Okay, so now
that we have the vast majority of this,
what do we need to do? Well, if you
think about it, we need to split these
out because we have videos, right? So,
I'm just going to move videos in. I'm
going to include no other fields. Should
I include any other fields? I don't know
what else we got. My god, that's a lot
of videos. No, we have the project ID,
so we don't actually need to. Now, I'm
going to pin these two. I'm going to
call this a retrieve project. Let's call
it that.
Then we're going to split these out. So
I'm going to test this now. This was our
send to Vzard.
And it looks like we have 37 sub videos,
which is awesome. Couple things I'm
going to do here. Because we're
generating so many items in NADN, a lot
of the time if you try and pass a number
of items through to a Google sheet in
quick succession, you'll run into rate
limit problems. So I just personally
like avoiding rate limit problems. I use
this a loop over items node over here.
And basically what it does is it takes
as input one of the items then one by
one processes a loop and then takes in
the second item and then processes that
loop. Third item processes over and over
and over until the 37th. After the 37th
is done, what it does is it finishes by
going up this route over here. So the
question is what is it that we want to
do in between these two? Okay. So I'm
just going to delete this replace me
node. I'll delete this little circuit
loop that does nothing. The question is
what do we do kind of like over here?
And if you think about what we're going
to do logically is we are going to grab
the data from the split out then we're
going to add this puppy to some open AI
caption creator which we're going to
make ourselves.
And then after it's done with that we're
going to dump in sheet. And after it's
done with that we're just going to loop
back over and just repeat this over and
over and over again. And then when we're
done, I mean, we can do whatever the
heck we want with it. We could maybe
draft up a quick email notification to
send to our editor or something like
that. And then we're good to go. That's
what I'm thinking of doing for maybe
I'll add a wait in between as well. Not
entirely sure. Okay, so let's do that.
Let's type OpenAI and then I'm just
going to go message a model. If you've
never done any sort of authentication
with OpenAI before, just click on this
button and all you need is you need the
API key, which is very simple and easy
to get. All you do is you just go to
their API keys page, create a new secret
key, and then paste it in. Feel free to
read the rest of this if you guys got a
moment, but it's probably one of the
more straightforward APIs to use. Then
I'm going to go GPT4-1 under model. This
is going to pick one of the better
models currently available. And then I'm
going to add a system message saying
you're a helpful, intelligent social
media assistant. You make captions for
Instagram and Tik Tok. Okay. Then what
I'm going to do is over here I'm going
to say your task is to generate
highquality engaging captions for
Instagram and Tik Tok. Return your
captions in JSON using this format. And
then we'll just go captions. Uh let's
just go caption and then like this.
Okay. So next up, we actually need to
give it some rules. So let's just say
write short engaging captions. Use a
Spartan tone of voice favoring the
classic western style
though still a fit for Instagram and Tik
Tok.
Use emojis but sparingly. Okay, cool. So
now what I'm going to do is I'm going to
add another user in here and then this
is where I'm just going to feed in the
transcript that I'm getting. Uh question
is how do we get the transcript? So I'm
just going to exit this out and then
press go. This is going to shove the
data inside of this loop over items
node. Now, you can't pin the loop over
items node, which is why you have to do
this. And now, what I'm going to do is
I'm just going to feed in a transcript.
Okay,
you'll be fed a trans probably specify
that. Okay,
so now we're going to execute the step.
Oh, you know, I realized I didn't output
content as JSON. So, let me just give
that a click. Do this again.
Strike fast. Earn more. Respond in a
minute. Triple your release. This is a
little too short.
Keep captions to around 50 words. Let's
do this. Okay, I like this. I like this.
Let's do 100 words.
Spartan tone of voice favoring the
classic western install. The still fit
for Instagram and Tik Tok.
Write conversationally, i.e. as if I
were doing the writing
myself. The idea being we make it first
person.
And I'm just going to continue playing
around.
Cool. I mean, that seems reasonable.
Ensure each sentence is over five words
long. Maybe we should say write for a
university reading level.
That probably makes more sense.
Cool. Yeah, that sounds a lot more
realistic and a lot more like me, which
is great. So, I'm just going to pin this
output now. And then logically, what do
we do after we do this? Well, we're just
going to dump this straight into the
spreadsheet. So, I'm going to go to the
Google Sheets node and then click append
row to sheet. Now, the Google Sheets
node is pretty easy to connect to. Um,
if you're using the cloud hosted version
of Edn, it's a simple oath. That just
means it'll say sign in with Google and
you give that a click. I've already done
so, which is why it says YouTube. I'll
select my shorts database that we made
earlier. And what are we going to do?
I'll just go shorts.
Then we have the opportunity to map each
column manually. Very cool. Very cool.
All right. So now we need the video ID,
project ID, video URL, video MS
duration, title, transcript, viral
score, vile reason, related topic, clip
editor URL, and generated caption. Now,
because I pinned this though, we don't
actually have access to most of that
data.
So let's now do this one more time
manually.
We get everything we need here, I think.
So I'm now going to wire this up.
We should have access to everything in
the loop over items. No, we don't.
Weird. I don't know why we don't have
access to that. It's really annoying.
Let me see what happens if I use the
split out instead. If I feed this in as
video ID, will this work? Let's see.
Keep on forgetting the item matching
when you're inside of a loop.
Uh, okay. Yeah. So, actually that did
work. So, we're just going to run this.
Okay. So, project ID is just going to be
from retrieve visard project. Go all the
way down to the very bottom. Please feed
that in. Then the rest of it is pretty
straightforward. We just go video URL
right there. Video MS duration, which I
think was right over here.
Title.
We then have the transcript. Of course,
we have the viral score.
Then we have the viral reason. I mean,
we might as well get the viral reason
related topic. This is just an array. We
could just join this array if we wanted
to.
Could we? Let me see.
I think this is actually just a string.
Yeah, it is. So, we can't actually join
the array unless we instantiate the
array. And that's okay. Then we'll dump
in the clip editor URL. And then
finally, the generated caption, but the
generated caption is from this content
caption. Cool. All right. So, logically,
we now have something that now iterates
through and dumps things into our
database. What I'm going to do next, I'm
just going to wait. And I'm going to
wait for two seconds. The reason why I'm
doing this is I just want to uh give it
some time in case there's some issue.
And I'm now going to hold shift option
and press T. This is going to rearrange
things for me. And then I'm going to
execute the workflow. Then I'm just
going to check our little database here
to see what we got going on. Cool. So we
just dumped in the first result.
Wonderful. Wonderful.
Now we got the second result. That's
wonderful.
We got the video MS duration over here.
We got the title.
We got the viral score. Nice. So yeah,
we're we are actually getting most
things that we need. Can I open these in
incognito?
So the biggest obstacle here is not
technical skills. Nice. They even added
a thumbnail for us. So the biggest
obstacle here is not technical skills.
We self.
Cool. Cool. Cool. So now we have access
to them. I should note that these have
an expiry date it looks like. So you see
where it says 175166
7224. So this is what's called a Unix
time stamp. So we can just go Unix time
stamp and figure out how many seconds or
like what time this actually expires.
Looks like it expires in 7 days from
now. So as long as we're downloading
these and then making use of them within
7 days, we're fine and we can keep on
adding them. Something that you could do
instead if you didn't want to do this is
you could download them directly onto
NADn, host them maybe on your Google
Drive or something. Uh I'm not going to
do that personally. I don't really think
it's important. But anyway, yeah. So,
this is the simple nugget of the system.
Um where do you go from here? Now, I
mean, I could make this arbitrarily
complex. I think for a first pass, this
is probably sufficient, at least for a
lot of the clipping guys I'm going to be
giving this to. But if you think about
it logically, you could now, let's say
you had an issue like me where, you
know, because I do talking head footage
with a bunch of overlay like this.
Sometimes it doesn't like cut into my
face properly. What you could do is you
could feed this into something like
Gemini, which I've done at an earlier
video. Check out the um video where I
did some ad analysis for more on that.
And then once you feed that into Gemini,
it'll tell you about the image. And then
you could ask it, does this include any
screenshot or any screen cap, right? Is
it just a talking head? If it's a
talking head, then great. If not, then
you could filter and you could stop
right there. Obviously, going to leave
that up to you guys. Um, looks like most
of these videos are, you know, 20
seconds, 30 seconds a length. This one
looks like it was significantly longer
than that, which is interesting. Hm.
Interesting. Interesting. Um, but yeah,
now we have it in our database. Okay.
So, just checking back, we've now
authenticated with clap. We have created
the database. Question is, how do we get
our data source to let us clip things
automatically? Cuz, you know, we've done
some stuff here. We're retrieving the
Visor project, splitting out, looping
over items, and then doing this flow
over and over and over again. But what
do we do next? Well, that's a great
question. What we need to do if we want
to have this do some sort of automated
clipping for us at like scale is we need
to split this into two workflows. Okay,
the first workflow is going to send
projects to Visard. The second workflow
will wait with a web hook for the
project to be completed and then run
this. So, what we're going to do is I'm
going to type in note. Then I'm going to
generate two workflows.
I can stop this now so I could type a
little faster. Thank you. This is going
to be the retrieve and generate.
Then down here, we'll say this flow
retrieves the Visard project through web
hook and then splits the videos for
adding them to a Google sheet.
So that is what this part of the flow is
going to do. And I'm going to add the
web hook logic shortly.
Also, I've realized that I prefer bigger
text. So
I will do this. Nice. Very cool. Very
cool. That looks clean as hell. And then
up here, I'm just going to copy and
paste this. This is going to be the
first flow, which is going to be not the
retrieve and generate, but we'll say
scrape and send. This flow scrapes a
channel of your choosing
and then sends new videos to Visard for
later clipping. Okay, the question is
what are we going to scrape? Well, there
variety of different ways we could
scrape. I think probably what I'm gonna
do just so that this doesn't take, you
know, for absolutely ever, let's just um
make this the same size here, just so it
looks as clean as humanly possible. I
think probably what I'm going to do here
is I'm going to attach this to some sort
of front-end appy scraper that feeds in
video URLs. You know, we don't even need
an appy scraper. We could just have like
JSON. Okay, you know, there's an RSS
feed
for all YouTube channels.
So all YouTube channels have an RSS feed
where
what you do is feed in this URL
along with the channel ID and then you
can actually scrape a bunch of YouTube
channels
entirely free. So I'm going to show you
guys how to do this. We click more. And
down here where it says share channel,
you copy the channel ID. Go back here.
Paste this in. What happens when you do
this? We get all of the data for the
entire channel. This may not seem like
much, but all of this data is actually
structured data that we can call. So
that's pretty cool. Um, I think that's
pretty cool. Might be something else.
You could also use a service like RSS
app where you take the channel ID and
you just paste it in here. This will
then generate a simple RSS feed for us.
The value of this RSS feed is now we
have a list of structured data. And so
what we can do with that RSS feed that I
got earlier is we should is there an
RSS? Yeah, there's an RSS read. So we're
just going to feed this in. Execute
this. RSS is just like a data structure
that allows us to call a URL and then
get everything nicely formatted like
this. And then what's the one thing that
we want here? This link. So we could
theoretically do we could just on some
sort of regular schedule or whatever.
Let's not let's do it manually executed.
We could execute this RSS feed really
easily and then
you know do this manually at least this
initial part and then just send off like
a little batch of let's say three or
four of these. I'm just going to add a
limit because I only want to send let's
say two simultaneously.
So I'm going to execute this. Now we
will have done two.
And yeah, now what we can do is we just
send those two long form videos directly
to Vizard. So I'm just going to go here.
I will
feed in the URL. So now video URL. Oh,
doesn't look like it popped up in the
right place. Okay, cool. So now we have
the JSON link. If I'm checking this,
this looks good to me. I don't like how
this is on another line. Oh, I get It's
not on another line because it has to
be. It's just because that's how my
thing made it look. And now we have a
system that, if you think about it,
starts by sending stuff over to Visard.
And then after we just need a web hook
to catch this and then trigger the rest
of everything. So that's what I'm going
to do. I'll go with my web hook.
I'm going to pull this in here. And then
Visard returns things as a post. And I'm
just going to use the production URL
here. Copy this over.
And then I will go back to my Visard
then go to Nyx workspace API and the new
URL that I'll be sending all of my
queries to is this NADN web hook cloud.
Now the reason why I've done this and
I've kept in the retrieve visor project
is because I can actually make the same
request. I can receive the data in the
web hook and then I can just fill this
in here. The way that I'm going to do so
is I will make this an expression, a
dollar sign JSON, and then I believe
it's just project ID
by making it project ID. What I'll do is
I will allow myself to run the full
project without any changes. Like I
don't have to adjust the data structure
despite the fact that I've just like
materially changed the flow by adding in
a web hook. Let me just um rearrange
this a little bit, make it a little bit
tighter. We'll do the same thing with
all this. This is reasonably tight
already. And then at the very end of
this, why don't I have another branch to
this that just sends an email. So what
I'll do is I will go to Gmail node and
I'll send a message. Just going to send
it over to I don't know, hypothetically
whatever email address you want to
notify it. Hey, your clips are ready to
go. Just going to do this in plain text.
Hi Nick. Maybe we'll do it in ht. Uh,
no, we'll do it in plain text. Hi Nick,
your clips are ready to go. Just check
the spreadsheet
here.
I'm just going to share this so that
it's a view. This will allow me now to
share this with anybody. Just check the
spreadsheet below. Happy clipping. I'll
go. Thanks other Nick. Okay. Now, this
will only run when everything is done.
That's why it's up here at the done
loop.
And then we should now be good to go.
So, let's give it a try.
First thing we're going to do is we are
going to scrape this YouTube channel.
Obviously, the YouTube channel is me.
So, let me scrape both of these. Execute
workflow. This is now sent two items
over to Visard. We go to the JSON. You
can see that we've sent one, then two.
Okay. So, I just went through and I
updated a couple of other things.
Namely, just added some more
documentation to make it easier to get
up and running with. And there you guys
have it. It is a complete AS system to
transform any podcast into engaging Tik
Tok clips automatically. We handle
everything from highlight extraction to
posting and no manual effort is
required. The system allows podcast
hosts to basically tap into Tik Tok and
Instagram and YouTube shorts, right?
This massive shorts network without
adding hours of video editing to what I
presume is already a pretty busy content
creation schedule. Now, as promised, you
guys can grab this complete system
absolutely free. Just use the link in
the description below. I've packaged
everything we just built into the NAND
workflow, including setup instructions.
you guys could start offering the system
immediately. And if you guys want to see
exactly how to sell systems like this,
I'd encourage you to check out this
video right here where I start an AI
service completely from scratch and
actually land my first interested
prospect live in under 10 hours. I'll
walk through creating the offer,
positioning the value, and also
generating qualified leads. Basically,
the complete client process from start
to finish. Anyway, thanks for watching.
I'll catch you on the next video. Really
appreciate your time. See you.