I made $275,766 from one YouTube video. And just to show you proof, this is the Stripe dashboard. This is $345,000 Singapore, which is the equivalent of $275766.

And I'm going to show you back here, I'm going to refresh the page just to show you that this is legit. And in a bit, I'm going to show you what the exact video is. So, you can see over here, $345,000 just on one payment processor. I use Wise, I use other stripes, and I have other businesses, too, that I drive my YouTube traffic towards. And for

context, this is the video. This is my full YouTube script writing course that has gotten over $250,000 views, $800 in ad revenue, and it's still getting 300 views every 48 hours. So, it's an evergreen video, and it still gets views, you know, even 450 days after it was first published. And this video not only brought me a bunch of sales, but it also made me niche famous in the YouTube

script writing space. If you want to learn about YouTube scripts, I'm your guy. And the reason I was able to do this was because I had a YouTube presentation. And in this video, I want to break down the six fundamentals of a viral YouTube presentation. And that is meant to educate, build trust, and generate you thousands and thousands of leads per video. And the best part is

you can be completely dog at YouTube and still do this. My name is Brian and I've written YouTube scripts for the biggest educational channels on YouTube. So, let's start off with why you want to have a YouTube presentation on your channel in the very first place because number one, it's an evergreen asset. As you can see over here, it is getting still 342 views every 48 hours.

And the majority of the views that it's getting is actually from YouTube search. So people going on YouTube search, search searching about YouTube script writing and it is ranking for that specific search term and it's actually standing out among all of the other videos. And you can see here 250,000 views on a 1 hour 30inut video. If you had a video that was 1 hour and 30

minutes that educated your audience on your niche and built authority for you and got 250,000 views with literally thousands and thousands of watch hours, would you make a video like this? And would this be something that grows your business? If you had a,000 people watch this video, if you had 10,000 people watch this video, would this be of benefit to your business? If the answer

is yes, then this video is for you. So, I want to go over the six fundamentals of what makes a great YouTube presentation. And that starts with the idea. So, in terms of this video idea, I decided to make this full YouTube script writing course because full YouTube courses were blowing up and still are blowing up. And I noticed this in the trading niche, in the drop shipping

niche. So I was thinking what if I could make a full YouTube video on just exclusively YouTube script writing and dump everything that I know about YouTube script writing into that video.

So it would be the most valuable valuable asset on YouTube script writing. Plus there was a content gap there. There were a bunch of short videos that were 10 minutes and 15 minutes on YouTube script writing but there were no videos that were ultra long that explained the topic of YouTube script writing from start to finish. So it was a combination of number one full

courses performing extremely well and there being a market gap with relation to how long the existing YouTube script writing videos were. So that's why I writing course. Other directions that I actually consider in terms of making this video is that I could have made a video on full YouTube growth which a couple other people have done and have done super successfully. But I wanted to

make a video that specifically solved a specific problem for a specific customer avatar, which is someone wanting to learn YouTube scripts and I wanted to create the best resource on it because that was my competitive advantage and still is. So I want to make something that I'm knowledgeable about and that way it is a lot easier to make. So the idea full YouTube script writing course,

I knew I wanted it to be long, which brought me to actually scripting the video, which starts with the hook, right? And in terms of the hook framework, I don't want to over complicate it. Really, I just want to tell them that, hey, you're going to watch this video and this is what you're going to get. And generally with shorter videos that we make about 8, 10, 15

minutes long, the hook has to be a lot tighter. It has to be, you know, within the 30 secondond range. Some people say it's even within the 15-second range for the hook. But really, for a video like this, the hook can be longer because the goal of the hook is to sell the viewer on watching the entire video. But really, selling the viewer on watching a 1 hour and 30 minute video is a lot

harder in 30 seconds. So, we can actually sell a lot longer in the first minute, 2 minutes, 3 minutes on exactly what they're going to get from when they watch so that when they go past the hump of the hook, they will actually watch even longer. We may lose a couple viewers, but the people who stay for the first 3 minutes will know exactly what they're going to get. And that will

likely increase the watch time of that average viewer. And likely your video will go more viral because it is higher watch time and there's a higher session time and the people who watch from start to finish or your course will absolutely love you for it. So for our hook, we follow the proof promise plan. And I'm going to break down my hook that I used here in a second. So, I started off the

hook with I don't know a whole lot about YouTube. I'm not that good at coming up with ideas. My thumbnails are okay, but if there's one thing that I'm good at, it's how to write a great YouTube script. And that's exactly what we're going to be talking about today. So, instantly, I highlight the objection of why is this guy making a video on YouTube script writing, not YouTube

growth. Conceding that I'm not that good at something creates comfortability, right? It creates vulnerability. I'm sharing something that I'm not that good at and that creates relatability, right?

In this video, I kind of, you know, look like a kid. I got glasses and, you know, there's like toys in the background. So, I'm trying to create some sort of relatability with kind of the text here in the initial hook that I'm making. So, I saying, "Oh, I'm not that good at this, but really good at this one thing, which is what I'm going to tell you about." And then the second line is

where I established proof, right? In the last nine months, I've written YouTube scripts for 40 plus educational channels and helped them gain millions of views, generate millions of dollars in revenue for their business. I've worked with channels like Instantly AI, High Fury, Dave Fogertity, and other channels with millions of subscribers. And my client pay me thousands of dollars to write

scripts for them. So, I can frontload the proof because I'm really trying to get them to watch the video. So, this is why you should absolutely listen to me. And in this video, I'm going to review everything that you need to know about how to write a killer YouTube script that will get you millions of views. But before I get into the content, I have some bad news. This video is going to be

over an hour long. So, once again, you call out the objection. they're going to tell them, "Hey, this video is an hour long. I don't know if I should watch it." So, you tell them directly. You call the audience out. So, if you don't have the attention span to watch this video for 5 minutes and take notes, sorry to tell you, but you're probably not going to make it. And you might

think that this sentence doesn't actually work, but when you look at the comments, there are lots of comments that say, "Hey, if you didn't tell me that I wasn't going to make it and that if I don't have the attention span for 5 minutes, I wouldn't have watched this." So, this is really a way to call the view, tell them, "Hey, you have to watch this video." And in the next line, we

say, "We're going to be talking about why you should script a video in the first place, how to come up with video ideas, my five-step system to creating viral scripts, how to write a hook, how to write the body section, basically telling them all of the different modules that I'm going to go over. And that way, you can see my thought process, writing scripts, start to

finish, and you can replicate my exact process. So, by the end of this video, my promise to you is that you will have everything you need to write a script from start to finish in half the time, and have your video perform better." Let's get into it. So once again, I reiterate the promise. So you can see here all of these different sections has a purpose. Section one is to create

vulnerability and tell them they're exactly getting what they're going to get in the first 15 seconds. And then I load it with proof. Tell them exactly what they're going to get. The breakdown of the exact modules and reiterate them, hey, this is exactly what you're going to get when you watch from start to finish. So this is a longer hook. The first 30 second retention might be

worse, but once again, you are selling the viewer on watching the entire video. And this is extremely crucial to make a slightly longer hook when you are creating a longer video and a full course like this. So just like that, you have the exact hook framework nailed down and broken down exactly the way that I write it. Now once you have the hook, now we got to get into the meat

and bones of the video and that is looking at the body. Right? So I'm going to break down and look at some of the slides that I have here. So over here if you look at the slide deck immediately after the hook right I list all of the proof that I have and I reiterate my proof right so I start with the companies that I work with kind of the videos that you get right here all the

channels that I work with blah blah blah and I really really try to frontload this to really sell the viewer once again on why they should watch the video. So over here I start with so Brian why script right and then I tell them the importance of the script and really the alternative way to do that is to just go into talking about the actual content of video just you know step one

write the hook step two you know write the body but I start with why script because not many of my viewers understand the importance of scripting. So once again, if the hook sells them on why they should watch a script writing course, the first section after the hook, I'm selling them that hey, scripting is important. So that way they will go out and actually take the

information that I gave them in the later half of this video, go and apply it and get results, right? So really, I'm selling them on, hey, this is exactly why you need to write a script, right? It makes your video moreformational, more entertaining, right? It'll change the day of the viewer, right? So reason number one, write a script so you have better video

that will maximize viewer retention. Reason two, right? even more, right? Or all of these big guys, right? Alex Mosy said this, right? Time savings and focus. So, it helps you save time. So, you need to write a script, but maybe this guy doesn't script or this guy doesn't script, right? So, you answer certain objections in the viewer's head, but really those videos are scripted.

Oh, there's this aha moment there that kind of explains that, oh, actually those videos are scripted, right? They might come off super authentic and totally unscripted, but they've put a lot of thought into what they're going to put on video, right? So, really, and then I explain next, a good script can take a b a barely edited video far. So, why should you not write a script?

Answer, you should, right? And really, once I sell them, hey, write the hook. Like, you should watch this video. And I tell them, hey, you need to write a script. I tell them the reasons they need to write a script. And they'll be like, oh man, I really got to learn how to write a script. So, I'm going to watch Brian's YouTube script writing course from start to finish. I'm even

going to watch it multiple times. I get multiple views from that exact same viewer. And then you can see here what is the definition of scripting. So, I explain what scripting is and the different types of scripts that viewers can have. And then I go into the sauce a little bit afterwards, which is starting with the idea or the title. So kind of at the start of the hook, you

immediately want to sell the viewer on why they should be watching it or like why they should be executing on it. So for example, if you're making a drop shipping video, it's explaining to the viewer why drop shipping is the best vehicle to make money. Or if you are doing a video on sales, right? you're giving a course on sales, it's telling the bureau why sales or even if it's

like a Python course, it's like, hey, you're watching this Python course, right? Because Python has this is this functionalities and you need to learn Python. You know, Python nowadays is kind of dead if I'm being honest. Okay?

So, and then once you sell the viewer on why they should watch it and handle any objections and anything that they would have in their head that would possibly make them not want to watch the video, only then do you go into the main body of your content. So, when you're explaining the body section of your content, right, you start with the why.

So, for example, if you're explaining the importance of a title and thumbnail, right, you need to say, okay, why should you create a title and thumbnail? Because why someone does something is more important than how. Because understanding the why and the intention will determine whether they actually take action or not. If I tell you to go take out the trash, you're not going to

take out the trash. But if I tell you to go take out the trash because I want the house to be clean, you are more likely to actually go out and take out the trash. And that is exactly the reason why we start with the why and explaining why you decide to do something. If you notice at the start of this video, how did I start? I had the hook which showed you the proof. And then immediately I

went into why you should create this asset because it is evergreen and it ranks on search, right? I gave you the exact reasons why you want to do it and now you're even more likely to want to watch this video. Kind of a meta thing that I did there, right? And then once you explain why, you immediately go into the how. Right? So there's actionable steps that the viewer can take and apply

within the next 24 hours. So that's giving away framework, thought process, and templates. Right? Once again, this is actionable steps, and I defined it as they can apply it in the next 24 hours.

So, it needs to be so simple, so actionable, so sharable that it would be stupid for an 8-year-old not to know how to implement it. You need to simplify your content so that it can be consumed by the most number of people possible.

And a good way to determine if it's good enough is can the viewer apply it in the next 24 hours. If they cannot take your knowledge and apply it in the next 24 hours, it is not simple enough. So you need to really condense it and break down your content into something that's simple to digest. Right? Really anyone can teach anything, right? There are thousands and thousands of business

coaches out there. There are thousands of people who explain how to grow on YouTube out there. But it is the people who explain it in the simplest way that get the most amount of views because it can be understood by the most number of people, right? And simple doesn't mean dumbed down. Simple means that it is easy to understand, right? and still capturing the nuance. So you can use

analogies, right? You can break it down into an exact step that they need to take. Oh, so to write your hook, follow this, this, this, and then you show proof, which is the next point, which is to demonstrate your expertise. For example, in a script writing course, right? In order to demonstrate my expertise about hookw writing, I can talk about how to write a hook and then

I write a hook live for a certain title. or what I did is that I explained all of the content and then towards the end of the video, I actually went and edited a script that one of my clients gave me and they were like, "Hey, can you review it for me?" So, I reviewed it live. I showed how I made comments on the video and I showed how I actually edited it.

And showing is extremely important in a course like this because out there there is a lot of people who are explaining things that they are not experts at, right? You need to be an expert at something and to actually show your expertise that you know what you're talking about because anyone can go out there and explain script writing or anyone can take the transcript from the

videos that I've posted, put together a set of slides and go and talk about it. But not everyone can take a script, write it from scratch or take a script, make comments on it and explain to the viewer why simply each line is wrong and how I would edit it and I completely rewrite it in a persuasive way. Right?

Not everyone can do that. It is only when you actually horn your craft, write a bunch of scripts that you can actually show that. So if you are in the drop shipping niche and you are talking about finding new products, right, you should demonstrate how you found a new product, right? What if in a course like that you went from finding a new product to launching a store and making your first

$10,000 with it all within the video? It will take a little bit more work, but the important thing is that you show your expertise because it's only when you show your expertise do you build such a level of deep trust that is otherwise not found on YouTube, right?

So, you want to 100% show your expertise whatever you can. So, really think in my course, how can I demonstrate something live and to really show that I know what I'm talking about? because that will make you stand out from the crowd, especially if your niche has already done these long courses. And you want to make the whole thing as valuable as possible. You want to jam-pack as much

value as possible. There's this metric called the value per minute. So, you want to have the highest value per minute. You want to be, you know, just condensing all of your information into a single minute, right? And not waste any error time. A big mistake that I see with people creating courses like this and writing courses like this or making super long videos is that they will make

it long for no reason and they'll give a bunch of rubbish to their audience. And really, when you don't care about all your audience and you don't have them top of mind and just feed them a bunch of rubbish, they can feel it, right?

They know when you are giving them bad information. They know when you're actually screwing them. So, they can feel it through the screen. And really the reason that this video was an hour and 30 minutes long is that I actually cut out a lot of the information that I initially had because I didn't think that it was something that was super valuable to the audience. So it was an

hour 30 minutes in my first run. Initially my when I shot it, it was almost 3 hours long, right? Cutting out all of the cuts, cutting out all of the parts that were unnecessary. Even over here when I was going through some of my scripts, I cut out a lot of the commentary that I had because there was just dead air time and it wasn't particularly useful to the viewer uh

100%. So, I just wanted to cut it down, shorten it so that I made sure I delivered the most amount of value per minute throughout the entire course. And of course, if you look at my channel over here, I launched another course uh like a couple months after uh actually last month. It's the beginner's guide to YouTube script writing. And I had 4 hours of content. And the reason I had 4

hours of content now was because I went out and acquired this information from working with a bunch of clients, helping people write a bunch of scripts. And then only did I have the additional information and the additional alpha to actually create this into this super long asset that, you know, I I think many people will watch for much longer time. So really, every single minute is

jam-packed with value. And you can see here everything is all created with slides. I actually, you know, wrote all of this with slides. I had demos and all of this, right? You can see here there's me editing scripts. There's me writing scripts all within here. So, I'm jam-packing it just with information in no matter any of these full courses that I'm doing. And when I posted this video,

this video, you know, was a one of 10 uh 16,000 views once again uh in just a month. So, this will significantly outperform in a year my initial YouTube script writing course. This is you can see here this graph is not stopping and it is still going up and I'm very confident that this video will hit 100,000 views too. So whenever I post a full course like this it is a mega

banger because I spend a lot of time making sure that the content is actually engaging and the content is valuable for the viewer. So this is me putting a bunch of time into the pre-preparation.

Does it have to be an hour long? Ideally, right? Does it have to be 4 hours long? Probably not. But as long as you have a video that explains everything that your viewer needs to know, for example, if you are in the real estate space and you are a real estate agent in Dallas, if you had a 1-hour video explaining what people moving to Dallas had to know before they

moved to Dallas and all of the different properties that they could buy and different types of properties, would that help you get more sales as a real estate agent? Right? If you had uh an AI agent business, for example, that's something that's super trending right now, and you made a video that was one hour long explaining all of the different type of automations, you

building automations live for certain service businesses, and that was something that maybe didn't get a ton of views immediately, but you could send to certain business owners and they would watch that. They would immediately know what you're capable of implementing for them. Would that be valuable for you and would that actually build more trust with your ideal audience? Right? And if

the answer is yes, then you need a YouTube presentation. And that's how you write the body of a YouTube presentation. Let's go on to the next one, the call to action. There are really two types of call to actions that you can do uh within your course. One is a call to action to a product to book a call or you can do a call to action to a newsletter. When do you use which? I

think either is fine, right? And it's really important to note that you want to have your call to action all throughout your video. You can see over here in my slid, I've created this outlier format cheat sheet. So whenever I explained, hey, you need to use outliers to find your video ideas. And by the way, I you can get this cheat sheet by subscribing to my newsletter.

So this is called a lead magnet funnel. I'm giving them something in exchange for their email. And whenever they give me their email, I can start emailing them on the list, right? And telling them exactly what they will get when they get emails from me. So, I personally like growing a newsletter because really I can ask in the video and actually giving them something in

exchange for the email and I'm not really selling anything in this video because I generally don't like uh to you know really hard pitch anything on the video unless it's something that I've given a ton of value for. But really in this case right here we have cheat sheet templates worksheets that we can give to the viewer in exchange for their email.

It's really good to build an email list that is something that is evergreen, that's something that you own and not owned by the YouTube algorithm. And you can send consistent emails to actually grow your audience and to nurture the audience rather than hoping that the YouTube algorithm refers the same person to your YouTube videos. Or the other call to action is to have a product or

book a call. Generally with a product or book a call, you would place it somewhere in the middle towards the end of the video so that if someone gets to the middle of the video or maybe like 10 minutes in, then you know they'll see, oh, it's actually really valuable and then they can book a call and decide to work with you. This is more if you're selling stuff businessto business, then

you can have a product or book a call. Generally, I like to have a newsletter because I can provide more value to the audience in exchange for a simple email. And really on the email, I'm just giving them more and more value. So it builds more goodwill and that is the reason why I have the biggest YouTube script writing brand even just off a single video because I you know send emails and

I have this big YouTube video that everyone knows me for. Next thing that I want to talk about is the slide design. Okay, because whenever you're making slides like this, it is super duper important to understand how to make the design to make it as engaging as possible. There are some people out there who will make a set of Google slides or a set of Gamma slides and it

is incredibly boring. Okay, the video is just unwatchable. There's too much text on screen, right? They're giving too much information and it's not visually stimulating at all. If you go to a lecture at your university and there's a chunk of text and you are just staying on that slide for the longest and you are waiting for it, how when are we going to get to slide 70? We're at slide

30, we're at slide 40, when are we going to get to it again? If it is dragging like that because you have too much information on your slide. So, a good rule of thumb that I have is that one slide has one graphic and one text. One text meaning one headline. So, you want to keep it as simple as possible. Once again, if you refer back to my slides here, you can see here headline graphic.

Right here, there's no graphic because there's no graphic here. But headline graphic, headline graphic, headline graphic. So, really at a glance when I'm looking at this, I immediately know what I'm looking at. Right? I've given example of Alex Moszi in the business niche, videos from broader niches, right? And it is very obvious, right?

You can see your headline, some text and then graphics and then I just talk over this and it's really easy for me to talk over because I know the exact points that I am talking about. This is very easy to see and it's very visually stimulating when I switch from slide to side. This is an example of a set of slides that I've made. You can see here I've done it a little bit more

sophisticated with one of my more recent courses where I include a space for a facecam so that you know that okay over here my facecam is on the right so it's me talking I'm really the main focus and then there's the text to supplement it right so you can see here headline some text right and headline headline some text right and the graphic headline some text and the graphic you can see here

this is mainly text because I'm breaking down the script right but you can see over here right it's very clear it's very easy to read and we want to make it so and we want to have like a ton and ton and ton of slides. You can see here just this me talking about hooks it is 166 slides. So in total if you look at my full 4hour course this is about 1,500 plus PowerPoint Google slides. If you

look at this gamma that I've created, which is an app for creating presentations, this 1 hour 30 minute video, this is 186 slides of pure value that I created by hand, not with AI because that is the only way that you can ensure that the content is actually valuable for your ideal customer. It's by doing it by hand because the viewer can smell when you are being

disingenuous and when you are not actually putting effort into the content. They can absolutely smell that. When it is something valuable, they can immediately tell and they will watch from start to finish. But if you don't put effort into it, you try to use AI to, you know, sneak your way around it, that's when your audience really feels it. And that's when this blueprint

doesn't work because the full course is probably one of the most valuable videos that you can create on YouTube right now. Just takes a ton of time, but it is absolutely worth it for your business.

Last thing is traffic. How do you get traffic to your video? So over here you can see on my channel I've gotten 500,000 views on my channel uh lifetime. And really this video has 250,000 of those views. So I don't get a ton of views on an average video basis. But of the views that I get, every single YouTube video that I have, I direct to one of these mega full courses because

whenever I direct traffic from my individual videos to this at the end screen, I know that those views will watch this full video and be indoctrinated and know me very well because I know many people like this video. So generally, if I make another video on script writing, I will be able to direct that traffic to this video and they will enjoy it. And because I pitch

my newsletter in this very specific video, many people will join that and they will once again come into my ecosystem where I can send them valuable emails and I can build goodwill. Really, I want to iterate that you are only one YouTube video away from your dream life, right? You are one YouTube video away from kind of doing anything that you want in the world, right? because this

YouTube video has once again maybe the most famous person in YouTube script writing despite only having 500,000 views lifetime not even getting a ton of views but many people know me as the YouTube script writing guy because I posted this one YouTube video full course that they spent hours and hours and hours on putting it together the presentation getting the good

presentation skills understanding how to script a good YouTube video how do I make it visually stimulating for the audience whenever I hit enter so that they know okay they can read it they can read it right and it's very easy for them to follow right and once again for this beginner's guide video,500 slides record it put me 6 months of work just like understanding all of the nuances of

what makes a good YouTube presentation studying all of the big guys in terms of what made a good YouTube presentation for them and then turning that into an asset of my own. So really a YouTube presentation I believe it to be the one of the most valuable assets that you can build for your business. And now, if you want a YouTube presentation made by me and by my team for you, for your

business, if a YouTube presentation like what I'm describing here is something that would be super valuable to your business, click the link in the description and I will show you how you can get this YouTube presentation done for you by me and my team. So that all you have to do sit in front of the camera, say the exact hook, say the exact words with the slides on it and

actually build an asset like this so that you don't have to spend hours and hours and hours like I did re-recording this video multiple times until I got it right and uh you can just have it for your YouTube channel. This is a little bit of a different video. This is a little bit more of a raw rant on something that I've been thinking about and how I managed to execute something

like this and putting it into a framework for you. So if you like this kind of video, let me know in the comments. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next