One killer YouTube video could completely change your life, but most videos flop before you even write a single word. I had a client who spent 3 weeks perfecting what he thought was the perfect script only to realize his idea was dead on arrival. My name is Brian and I've written a thousand plus YouTube scripts in the past year. In this video, I'm breaking down the nine things you

should never do before scripting a YouTube video. Mistake one, most YouTubers write an amazing script first, then try to figure out the title and thumbnail later. That's mistake number one right there. When you finalize your script before locking your title and thumbnail, you're setting yourself up for disaster. You'll write what you think is a brilliant script and then

realize the title doesn't actually match what you deliver. The thumbnail then becomes this random afterthought instead of driving the content of your video. What ends up happening is you reverse engineer a weaker title to fit your script instead of writing a script that delivers on a strong promise. That's completely backwards. The fix is simple, but I know that most of you will never

follow this advice, but I will emphasize it time and time and time and time again is that you need to lock in your title and thumbnail concept before you write your script so that you can fulfill on the promise set by your title and thumbnail. And that's because your title is a contract with your viewer and your script needs to fulfill that contract perfectly. This brings us to mistake

number two and this one kills more channels than anything else I've seen. Most YouTubers prioritize picking topics when in reality they should be focusing on video angles. How to grow on YouTube is a topic. It's generic. It's boring.

And you're competing with thousands of other videos saying the exact same thing. But when you say, "This is a 3minut trick that got me a 100,000 subscribers," that is an angle that stands out because it's specific. It creates urgency and has a curiosity element which makes people wonder, "What is this three-step trick?" Solely focusing on topics is a big mistake

because they're unspecific and they're generic. Whereas, if you focus on a strong angle that creates urgency and specificity, you can actually drive the click. When you stick with topics, you want to own a unique perspective. If you want to own a certain category rather than blending in with everyone else talking about the same topics, instead of how to lose weight, try why eating

more helped me lose 30 lbs. Instead of social media marketing tips, go with the Instagram feature everyone ignores that doubled my sales. You want to create intrigue by saying something completely different. And that's how you stand out from the crowd and you completely dominate a category within a topic. And that brings us to mistake number three, which is something I see even the most

experienced YouTubers completely mess up. Everyone looks at what's performing for the top channels in their niche to figure out what kind of videos to make. That seems completely logical, right?

Just follow outlier theory. That is what everyone is saying. But there is a much more efficient system. Instead of analyzing your competitors all the time, which is exactly what your competitors are doing, you want to analyze the data that is right in front of you, which is your channel. Your audience has probably already told you what they want to watch from your channel and you just need to

double triple down on that because your best performing videos contain the blueprint for what's going to work in the future. But once again, most people completely ignore what's in front of them and you end up wasting time trying to validate brand new ideas. When your analytics is the one thing that you have access to that your competitors don't have access to, you can literally dive

deep into it. Look at your suggested videos. look at who's clicking on your videos, what else they are watching, and kind of come up with a hypothesis on what videos to create based on that. For example, on my particular channel, you will see all of my top performing videos are long courses on YouTube script writing. So, I have two options. I can create more long courses or I can create

more videos on YouTube script writing, which is exactly what I'm doubling down on because that is exactly what my audience wants from me. You want to give your audience exactly what they want, right? And that is in terms of video ideas, video titles, in terms of the script structures. So study your top three performing videos. Ask yourself why did these videos perform well? And

then take those core principles and turn that into new video ideas that you can immediately start printing money with and that you can immediately start printing views with. As a good rule of thumb, always double down. But before we dive into research mistake that YouTubers make that are absolutely killing their channel, I've made a YouTube script writing checklist so that

you don't have to make any of the mistakes that we covered in this video. It's literally a step-by-step checklist. You just go through this entire checklist before you write your script so you don't have to make the same mistakes that I made when I first started out. Click the link in the description and I'll send it right to your inbox. But having the right topic

and angle means nothing if you don't validate it first. Which brings us to mistake number four. I can guarantee you everyone has been there, including me. You spend hours, weeks, sometimes even months refining a single script, but you realize that the idea isn't actually compelling at all. So, you try to force fit a title, try to forcefeit an idea into the specific script, and it does

not work because the idea was never interesting to begin with. No amount of great writing can save a weak video idea that doesn't trigger your audience to actually click on the video because the idea is king. It's super duper easy to have a video idea, immediately get excited about it, go straight into scripting without actually validating that people actually want it. And you

completely waste all of your time writing the script when eventually you have to throw it out or you'll force yourself to post it knowing that it's not going to perform. And guess what? It never does perform. Missing this validation step is like building a beautiful house on quicksand. It's just going to sink no matter what. I had a client who spent two weeks writing this

incredibly detailed script about YouTube analytics. The writing was fantastic, the structure was perfect, and it had all of the great elements of great information for a video, but the title was around nerdy YouTube analytics, which 99% of people won't even get to the stage of, and people won't really want to click on it. I mean, like, who's going to click on a YouTube analytics

video? It sounds like homework. I have to dive deep into all of the content. It's not worth it. And once again, the fix is to validate a specific video idea by once again looking at your specific channel for any ideas that you might get. And number two, if you don't have any data on your channel to suggest a specific video idea might work, if you have competitor analysis, that might

tell you, hey, this topic might actually have a good chance of popping off. And if no one wants to see your topic, you're better off making videos about another one. Mistake five. This one breaks my heart because it's so preventable. Yet, most YouTubers commit this sin all of the time. Most YouTubers write their entire script first, then try to craft a hook at the end. That's

completely backwards. Your hook becomes weak because you're forcing it to fit content that wasn't built around it. Think about it like this. The first 10 seconds of your script determines 80% of your script's performance. Just like in copyrightiting, the headline is 80% of what makes a specific sales page convert. Writing YouTube scripts is no different because it's all words.

Meaning, the first 10 seconds is where you want to spend majority of your time because it determines whether you hold the attention of the viewer or not. Writing your script before planning out your hook is like choosing what music to play at a party after everyone's already gone home. It's completely backwards.

Doesn't make sense at all. The music is the hook. The music is what gets everyone to come to your party in the very first place. Your content should fit into your hook. Your hook shouldn't be trying to fit into your content. Just like how the title and thumbnail sets expectations for the hook, the hook sets expectations for the rest of the video.

And that's why it's meant to be written in that exact sequence. Title and thumbnail first and then your hook and then the rest of your script. So the fix, write your hook first, then build the rest of your script around it. If your hook promises the mistakes that's killing your YouTube growth, your entire script should be about that one specific mistake, not talking about five other

mistakes that completely dilutes your main message. Mistake six. This is where I see YouTubers sabotage their own attention without even realizing it. Most people research facts and statistics, but they completely miss the emotional frustrations that actually hook viewers. You spend hours gathering data about algorithm changes or best posting times or blah blah blah, but you

won't spend 5 minutes understanding why your audience wants to watch. Because facts do inform your audience, but it doesn't get your viewers to take action. Because your viewers will likely forget 90% of what you told them and only retain 10% of the information, but what they will remember is how you made them feel when you talked about a certain topic. Because when you lead with

statistics instead of an emotional trigger in your educational content, that leads to them going into their logical brain. Whereas, when you're educating your viewer, it's much more important to get them into an excited or fearful emotional state. And that way, they will actually retain the information better. This isn't manipulation. This is actually helping

your audience. You want them to remember how you feel so that that way they can come back to your content over and over and over again. And that's what makes a cult-like audience. For every fact that you research, you need to find the emotional frustration that solves it or the desire that fulfills. Don't just tell people how the algorithm works.

Tell them why their current approach is keeping them stuck and how understanding the algorithm will finally free them from the shackles and the jail of this algorithm view jail blah blah blah. When you're able to understand what keeps your audience up at night, you can write content that's compelling that directly targets their pain points, makes them, you know, sit up when you start talking

and watch your video from start to finish. Helps your retention. Now, we're getting into the structural mistakes that kill retention. And mistake number seven is probably the most common one I see from creators who have good ideas but terrible execution. Most people plan their content like a college lecture instead of understanding how YouTube actually works. When you structure your

content linearly, meaning you go from point A to point B to point C without any pattern interrupts, it's boring and it feels like a college lecture and it's just like you're rambling without a clear point. You want to constantly rehook your viewer. Your viewers are being bombarded by hundreds of notifications every single hour and it's your job to hold their attention and not

make them bored. But when your content is planned in a linear fashion, ABC, you're basically telling your viewer to sit through a boring lecture. It's basically an information dump that they can get by talking to Chad GBT, which is no wonder why people click off in 2 minutes. And that's why before you even write the script, you want to plan in your open loops, your curiosity gaps,

how you're going to hook your viewers in again. And that way, when you're delivering information in an entertainment video or an educational video, maybe you don't go in chronological order, ABC, maybe you bring the end all the way to the front to rehook the viewer, or maybe you you switch points B and A as kind of a plot twist there. So, when you think about it

from an engagement point of view to really tease the end, to get the viewer to want to keep watching, it's actually like super duper interesting that way. When you don't go in chronological order and you think about what is the best way to hook the viewers, retain their attention, and get them to consume the entertainment or the education that you're giving them. In terms of a

pattern interrupt, I always ask myself, how can I insert one every 45 seconds? So, this could be in terms of a visual change, in terms of an energy change. Maybe you're a lot more enthusiastic on camera, something happens, or a curiosity gap to get them, hey, what happens all the way at the end of this story? You want to constantly give your viewers a reason to keep watching. For

educational videos, it's giving them a new aha moment or something to think about or a new change of pace in the story. Whereas, for entertainment videos, there can be a camera switch, an unexpected twist, or a new character introduction. All of it works, but there needs to be a pattern interrupt. And this brings us to mistake number eight, which is going to change your approach

to script writing forever. Most people will just mumble to themselves before they write their script on paper. And then they'll go on their laptop, they'll click, click, click, click, click, and then the script is done. And then they'll go and record it without speaking it out loud. But you miss this massive opportunity to make your content sound exactly like yourself. Because

just like you are presenting on camera, there's a certain level of energy. There's a certain level of excitement about the topic that you're talking about. So before you write your script, I highly encourage you to whip out your phone. just start talking directly into your phone, right? Just brain dumping your ideas and then you can use AI or whatever to structure these ideas in

your voice because it's exactly verbatim how you said it and then you can see it all on paper in a way that's said in your voice and then you can structure that way to turn it into a full YouTube script. You definitely don't just want to sit there quietly and hope that ideas come to you because when you speak it out loud, you know, your brains start to connect, your neurons start firing off

and you get even more new ideas once you say it out loud, right? Just like how when you do a single presentation, you present it once, you get new ideas from it from presenting. You present it twice, you get new ideas from presenting it. So, you don't have to wait for your first full script to be out in order to actually read it out loud. You can just riff on it. You probably have some kind

of a mental scheme of how the video will go and then you just can just read it out loud to your phone. Super duper easy. Will completely change your script writing game. Plus, in your final product of your script, you will have your energy, you have your personality, and you will have your speaking style done before you even have to do your first edit. Pretty powerful. Mistake

nine. This is where most creators completely miss the point of what YouTube actually is. When writing a script, it's easy to get caught up in the words and just assume that's the entire video. But YouTube is not just audio-based, it's also visual. So, you don't just want to script out your words, you also want to script out your visuals. B-roll is just as essential as

the main script. Because strong B-roll can improve the effectiveness of your script by over 10 times. But visual storytelling isn't just about having rockets fly over the screen whenever you say something different. It's about using every element within your script and enhancing it with a certain visual to back up exactly what you're saying so that the audience can understand you

better. If you're writing your script on a Google doc like I usually do, you can write your visual directions by doing a comment on the specific script so that the editor knows what kind of visual to put on screen when you are illustrating a certain point. Or you can also write it in brackets in terms of the visual that you want, whatever works for you.

So, for example, when you mention a statistic, you can tell it, oh, put this graph up on the screen. Or if you're citing a specific research study, you can link the research study there. And then they can pull it up on the screen and highlight the specifics part that you're talking about. It illustrates the point a lot clearer and it brings you a lot more authority rather than just

saying, "Oh, this research study says X, Y, and Z." Your script should be complete blueprint not just for you as the presenter or the voiceover artist but also for the editor so that they know the exact direction to take the video because this makes your editing faster, your retention much higher and your message actually have a higher impact with your viewers. But here's the

thing that most YouTubers don't realize. Avoiding these presscripting mistakes is just the foundation. You now have to actually learn how to write your full script. And there's actually a new way to do it in 2026. Click on this video over here to learn the new way to script a viral YouTube video in 2026. You won't regret it. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next one.