There are two kinds of YouTubers in this world. On one side, we have creator A who spends six plus hours painstakingly writing scripts word for word, obsessing over every comma, every full stop, and every tiny detail. They're on their third coffee, staring at a blinking cursor and rewriting the intro for the 10th time. And then there's creator B, who whips up a powerful bullet point

script in 15 minutes, only writing out the key ideas structured for maximum impact. And his videos flow naturally and get twice the views. Guess whose channel is growing faster? The truth is over scripting might be holding you back more than you think. Today I'm going to show you how to write a powerful bullet point script so that you can cut your scripting time by 75%. My name is Brian

and I've written scripts for some of the top educational channels all across YouTube. And my videos have gotten millions of views and generated millions of dollars in revenue. And before we get into the actual system, let me take you back to my very first video. It was November 2023 and I was launching this very channel that you're watching right now. and I wanted to make sure that I

made the best video possible. So, what did I do? I spent every single hour obsessing over every single word to make sure that it was perfect. And I ended up spending two whole months just on a 10-minute script. And the result, well, my video got 10,000 views in the first 2 weeks on a completely fresh channel, which was a complete success. But my recording process ended up being 10

hours long. 10 hours. because I was looking down at my fully written script, looking up at the camera, saying the exact words, looking back down, looking back up, and there were a bunch of recording mistakes just because it was my first time recording. The worst part is that the script didn't feel natural at all because I refined it over and over and over again, like I was an

obsessive copyriter or something. Now, I'm not going to lie to you and say that writing full scripts don't work. They definitely do. I do it for most of my clients. But if you're going to spend that much time obsessing over every single word, that is not going to work in the long term because you're simply not going to post. And if you're dyslexic at all, like, let's be honest,

most YouTubers are, you can't stand looking at a script for more than 5 seconds at a time without your brain feeling like it's going to explode. So, for those of you who, for the life of you, cannot make fully scripted videos work, you should try out writing bulletoint scripts. A common misconception that I see most creators make is that they think a fully written

out script is better than a bulletoint script. But if you're a great natural speaker, it's a lot more authentic for you to go off a bunch of bullet points because number one, you're knowledgeable. So you'll be able to riff on the topic for hours and hours. And because you're more natural, you're more authentic, your audience will perceive you as more trustworthy rather than you

going off a fully worded script and reading off a teleprompter. There are three levels when it comes to scripting your videos. Level one is where you focus most of your energy on writing the broad strokes of the entire script.

Meaning the outlines pay off one, pay off two, pay off three, and then you go off and record the video. A script like that looks exactly like this. You can probably write it in 5 to 10 minutes just based off the knowledge in your head and then you can go ahead get in front of the camera and record it. Level two is where you flesh out level one a little bit more in depth. That means you

focus on the hook, writing transitions, writing the call to action so that the base parts of a great YouTube script are all intact. This is the same script as level one, but you can see it's a little more thorough. And level three is our traditional script, which is written out word for word so that all you have to do is sit down, get in front of the camera, read it off the teleprompter, and ship

it to your editor. Level three is the easiest to record, but often takes the longest. This is the exact same script as level one and level two, but fully written out. You can see all of the words are there. So, when I get in front of the camera, all I have to do is focus on my tonality, and I don't really have to think about the words. So, you can see level three takes the most amount of

time. So, for those of you who are lazy as and don't have time to write scripts that are level three, really, the sweet spot is writing scripts that are at level two. Because at level one, it is way too bare bones and it's so easy for you to yap for 5 minutes on and on and completely lose track of your train of thought. But if you write a script at level two, you can get a full

script in about 10 to 15 minutes while having all of the retention optimized parts like the hook, transitions, and the call to action all fully fleshed out. So, if you want to save hours scripting, but still have a great YouTube video, you need to focus on these elements when you're writing your bullet point outline. Number one is the hook. The hook is the non-negotiable

part of the script that you 100 100 100% need to script out because the first 30 second to 1 minute retention will make or break your video. If you decide to riff off your hook, most of the time if you're not a great great great copywriter, it will not work out and your video will not be a viral banger at all. So, the easiest way to write a hook for your bullet point script is to

follow this exact framework. So, let's say we're scripting a video titled, "How to actually grow a YouTube channel in 2025." The first line of the video can be something as simple as, "This is the only video that you'll need to learn how to actually grow a YouTube channel." And then the second line, you need to introduce curiosity. That's by teasing a story, solution, or result. So, you can

say something like, "If you want 2025 to be the year that you make it as a YouTuber, just like I did going from being stuck in my 9 to5 job to now making six figures on YouTube, I'm going to give you the exact blueprint to win on YouTube." And then for the third line, you want to set the stakes, meaning tell them exactly what they're going to get if they watch your video.

So you can say something like in this video I'm going to reveal my sevenst step framework for growing any YouTube channel. And then the last line you want to establish uniqueness meaning telling the viewer why you're special or why they should watch your video. So in this case we can either lead with authority which is something that we've already did or we can talk about why the content

in this video will be different. This framework works for literally any niche whether you're making sports content or educational content. And then the next line will be let's get into it. So you can see over here if we follow this exact framework we can write a script in about 2 to 3 minutes. Now that we've got the hook now we have to write the actual meat and bones of the content which is

actually just going to be the bullet points. So to structure this bullet points to be retention optimized and to keep the viewer intrigued and wanting to continue watching. I use the why, what, how framework. Now the most common mistake that most people will make when they're writing a level two script is that they will reveal what the point is at the very start and that is the what

of the point. So in the case of how to actually grow a YouTube channel, if I want to talk about thumbnails, I won't say this next section is about thumbnails. Instead, I will start by building curiosity and explaining the importance of thumbnails and the importance of getting a click. And if I can sell the viewer on why getting a click is the most important part of

growing a channel, then they'll be bought into the idea of creating a banger title and thumbnail. So instead of starting with the what, which is the thumbnail, you start with the why is something important. And that's why I came up with the why, what, how formula.

Why being starting with why this actually matters to your audience. What being revealing what you discovered to your audience and how is showing them how to implement it in their day-to-day life. The how is arguably the most important segment because this is where the viewer takes your theoretical knowledge and turns it into real value in their life. And if they actually

implement your advice and get results, that's when they become a returning viewer and viewer satisfaction skyrockets. This structure is important because it keeps viewers hooked while building anticipation for the next point. Now, you might be thinking, Frank, this why, what, how thing is great, but how do I string all of these points when I finally get in front of

the camera and start talking about it? Well, this is where most creators will fall apart because they'll nail each individual section, but then they'll stumble through awkward pauses trying to connect each section. And that's why you need to master this next element because without it, your bullet points will feel amateur and choppy. And that's why you want to create effective open loops

because when most people riff, you can even see it in the edit. It'll be difficult to connect disjointed points when they're not related to each other in the script or in actual words that you say. But if you add effective transitions from one point to another, the whole script will flow seamlessly.

At this point, for people who don't actually script out their transitions, they'll say something like, "Okay, now that we've talked about point A, now we have to move on to point B." But if you're writing a transition or open loop, there are these five check boxes that you have to take to make it a killer transition that actually maximizes retention. Number one, you

want to acknowledge a viewer's concern. Number two, you want to create a problem in the viewer's head that they want to be able to solve. Number three, you want to build anticipation for the solution.

Number four, you want to use contrast. And number five, you want to set up stakes. If you look at this video and you rewinded back and saw how I connected the why, what, how point to now this transition point. You'll see I take off all five check boxes. I start with acknowledging the viewer's concern, which is how would they actually connect all of these bullet points. I create

anticipation by saying that's where most creators completely fall apart. And then I create anticipation for the solution by creating contrast, telling them it's exactly why they need to master this next element. And lastly, I set up stakes by saying because without it, your bullet points will feel choppy or amateur. And that's why scripting out your transition is so important because

it makes your script all that more golden. Plus, it doesn't even take that much time. If you're lazy, probably takes 1 to 2 minutes once you have the why, what how written out to actually write out the transition. Trust me, it will improve your retention, plus saving you a bunch of time in the edit. And that's how you can write less and get way better scripts. This video was

written in bullet points. So, comment and let me know what you think of this specific style of video. Also, there's something I didn't quite tell you at the start of this video. Of course, the skill of writing less and getting better scripts doesn't just come out of thin air. It's because I've studied thousands of YouTube scripts and I've written thousands of hours of scripts for myself

and that's why I can kind of buy the skill of writing bullet point scripts. So, if you want to get my exact playbook and all of my knowledge on YouTube script writing so that you can take the knowledge of writing full YouTube scripts and turning that into bullet point scripts that you can effectively turn into a system, click on this video over here where I give you everything

that you need to know about YouTube script writing all in one video. Trust me, you won't regret it. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next