Why is it there are some YouTubers that are so liked, so beloved that their videos are shared with millions of people? Creators like Alex Mosian can come into the most saturated business space and become one of the top creators in just 2 to 3 years. Well, it's because they've mastered this one concept to build trust at scale. And they use it consistently in every script and video

that they create. I promise you that once you understand this concept and integrate it into your script writing system, you'll be able to turn any stranger into a super fan in less than 10 minutes. You see, most of the information on YouTube is surface level.

And once you binge all of these videos in a certain niche, you're left empty. You feel like there's still some missing information. And that's because of a fundamental problem with most YouTube scripts. Let me read out two examples, and I want you to tell me which one you trust more by the end of it. So the topic will be on how to hook viewers in the first 15 seconds. When we tested

common YouTube hooks on 50 videos, we saw a clear pattern. The videos that opened with standard hooks averaged 35% audience retention. But when we switched all approached, retention jumped to 67%.

The key factor is belief disruption. Most hooks try to grab attention, but attention isn't enough. You need to disrupt what viewers believe about your topic. Why? Because humans are drawn to information that challenges their current understanding. We found our highest performing videos didn't just hook viewers. They made viewers question what they thought that they knew. For

example, a client's finance video opened with the 50 3020 budget rule most finance channels recommend. It's costing you thousands. This immediately disrupted a common belief. The hook disrupted a common belief. So I tell my clients before you write your hook, ask yourself, what belief does my audience hold that might be limiting them?

Because understanding that belief is your gold mine for hooks that don't just grab attention, they create genuine investment from your audience. Okay, now let's compare this approach to this second approach of explaining how to write a hook. So to write a hook, steal these five hooks that will keep your viewers watching. Hook number one is the bold claim. I made $10,000 in one day

using this one simple method. Hook number two is the question, which says, "What if you could double your subscribers this month?" Hook number three is the pattern interrupt. Most people think common belief, they're wrong. Hook number four is the story setup. Last week, I lost everything. And hook number five is the curiosity gap.

There's one thing successful YouTubers never talk about. And then I go on to talk about all these different hook types. Obviously, the first one was a little bit longer, but it actually fully explained the topic while the second approach just gave you the value. What I'm trying to get at is that it's not about the value that you give that your viewers care about. It's that they want

to feel like that you have the solution for them. The viewer wants to feel heard. They want to feel seen. They want to feel like they have a friend who understands them. Or in other words, that there's someone that they can trust. And it's only when they trust you do they take your information and implement it and get tangible results in their life. Most people in their content

skip the step of building trust and immediately go to giving value. Everyone will tell you that having a good script with great information is what makes you go viral. But really, a good script is one that keeps attention of the viewer by building trust with the right audience. Because having trust plus the right audience gives you the ability to monetize. But if you have trust with the

wrong audience, you won't be able to monetize and you'll be on this hamster wheel of talking to people that you don't care about. And if you have no trust but the right audience, that means your audience doesn't even watch your videos. they won't even buy from you.

Therefore, if you want to write a good script, you shouldn't be focusing on the value that you give. You need to be focusing on the insight that you give. Let's talk about the difference. There's this Blair Warren quote that I love that says, "People will do anything for those who encourage their dreams, justify their failures, allay their fears, confirm their suspicions, and help them

throw rocks at their enemies." Most YouTube gurus will tell you to give value in your scripts. Well, this makes sense at first, right? give value and people will trust you. But what actually happens when you give value is number one you find out about something valuable. You teach it to someone the how of to someone. You make an offer so that people can get some more. But the

thing is people don't actually take the offer because you already gave the solution away to them. You already gave them the value. It's not value that you want to optimize for because understanding the difference between value and insights will determine the type of content that you write in your scripts and ultimately the type of videos that you make. Value content is

showing people what YouTube settings are the best for their channel. It might get you many many views, but when the viewer watches this video, they'll go ahead and apply settings to their own channel and they won't actually buy any products from you. But if you make this video like Oscar Owen did, I showed Will Brown how to make $750,000 per month on YouTube. Even though it might get a tiny

fraction of the views, I bet Oscar Owen actually made a ton of money from this one specific video because it's show not tell, he's showing his expertise. And number two, he's also showing his authority in the title. So, anyone who knows Will Brown and wants to learn about how to grow their channel to such a big number will watch his video and end up buying consulting from Oscar Owen

himself. Once again, I want to emphasize you don't want to build trust with the wrong audience. You want to build trust with the right audience. And sometimes that means going a lot nicher and showing specific insights that only very very few people will care about because your title, thumbnail, and the content will attract the right audience. And that's when you convert your viewers

into super fans. Once again, it's true your insight. You don't want to be well-known. You want to be known well by a small group of people. And insight does that for you. So if I were to define the difference between value and insight, value is basically showing people what to do. Insight is telling people where to look. Let's look at one of my previous videos, how to write less

and get better scripts. The topic of the video is well about how to write bullet point scripts so that you don't have to write so much and you can spend less time scripting your YouTube videos. If I were to take a value approach, I would just tell them, hey, this is exactly how you want to write a bullet point script.

But the problem with just telling them about how to write a bulletoint script is that you're just giving them the value and then they'll go out and they'll just apply or maybe they won't even apply because they don't know the importance of writing a bullet point script. So if I were to take an insight based approach, which is exactly what I did, this is how the video came out.

Well, let's watch this snippet of the video together right after the introduction after I've hooked the viewer in. And now I want to explain the inside portion of why writing less is better or why bullet point scripts is better. Let's watch it together.

&gt;&gt; generated millions of dollars in revenue. And before we get into the actual system, let me take you back to my very first video. It was November 2023 and I was launching this very channel that you're watching right now.

So, you can see here I'm using a story hook to reel the viewer in. And then I'm going to use the story to explain a certain insight that I want the viewer to have. I wanted to make sure that I made the best video possible. So, what did I do? I spent every single hour obsessing over every single word to make sure that it was perfect. And I ended up spending two whole months just on a

10-minute script. And the result, well, my video got 10,000 views in the first 2 weeks on a completely fresh channel, which was a complete success. But my recording process ended up being 10 hours long. 10 hours. Because I was looking down at my fully written script, looking up at the camera, saying the exact words, looking back down, looking back up, and there were a bunch of

recording mistakes just because it was my first time recording. The worst part is that the script didn't feel natural at all because I refined it over and over and over again like I was an obsessive copyriter or something. So, you can see in this section over here, I kind of go through the entire story arc, me starting my channel, obsessing over the script, spending all of this time,

still getting results, but it took all of this time. And then from this story, really the main insight that I wanted to leave the viewer with is that number one, it felt unnatural, which I know because I talk to my audience a lot. I talk to you guys a lot that this is actually a really big problem that when they write a full script then read it, it feels unnatural. So when the viewer

hears this, they can immediately relate to me and it's like, "Oh, Brian understands me. I'm confirming a certain truth in their life and it's that it takes a lot of time to write and it feels completely unnatural and it's obsessive and it's a complete waste of time to write a full script sometimes." Now, I'm not going to lie to you and say that writing full scripts don't work.

They definitely do. I do it for most of my clients. But if you're going to spend that much time obsessing over every single word, that is not going to work in the long term because you're simply not going to post. So once again, I'm confirming another of their suspicions is that I can't actually do it long term. And this is exact language and terminology that people who have came to

me exit and I'm repeating the exact words back to them. This is an insight that I've gained from working with all of my clients and talking to so many people within my community. And if you're dyslexic at all, like let's be honest, most YouTubers are, you can't stand looking at a script for more than 5 seconds at a time without your brain feeling like it's going to explode. So

for those of you who for the life of you cannot make fully scripted videos work, you should try out writing bullet point scripts. And then I go on to explain how to write bullet point scripts afterwards. So in terms of the fundamentals of what makes an insight a strong insight, I have three main rules.

Number one is that you always tell the truth. the viewer can smell when you're not telling the truth because insight is only gained from real truth. It's gained from actually doing the work and the viewers can feel that. So, you want to always tell the truth. So, if not the truth is, oh, this script writing technique will get you viral, then you don't say that and you say the truth

instead. It's that you're afraid your script ideas aren't unique enough to stand out or you've watched countless videos on scripting but still feel there's something missing. Or you spent 5 hours on your last script, but it only got half the views of your less polished videos. These are truths in your audience that your audience is thinking about that you want to repeat back to

them. Insights fundamental number two is always be specific. So you don't want to say this script format will boost your views. You want to say this hook pattern increased retention by 34% across 17 videos. Or when we added belief breaking points every 2 minutes in our scripts completion rates jumped from 39% to 58%.

Or this script structure helped a fitness channel go from 4.5K views average to 27K average views in 60 days. So, you want to be incredibly specific. Use numbers whenever you can and don't be vague because when you're specific, people know that you're telling the truth. This goes back to telling the truth. Whenever you go to your mom and you tell a lie a kid, you're going to be

very vague and they know. And number three is to show not tell. Whenever you can demonstrate expertise, you want to show it. Tell is just telling the viewer. It's giving value. So, you want to show and demonstrate expertise whenever you can. And you want to always be thinking about how can I demonstrate more expertise in every single video that I make. So instead of saying this

script writing method worked well, which is a very lame way of telling, you can say we rewrote a client script using this method and their video hit $210,000 views in 10 days, their previous record being a 50,000 view month. After applying this script writing approach, I personally went from charging $200 per script to $2,000 per script in 4 months.

or a photography channel implemented this script structure and saw their average watch time increased from 3 minute and 22 seconds to 7 minutes and 45 seconds. And even better if you have proof of these that you can show on screen. And me personally, if I don't skip any of these three fundamentals, I'm comfortable with pressing upload and having these in my video. So now you

understand the importance of unique insight, the difference between value and insight, and the three insight fundamentals. How do you actually come up with these insights? Well, coming up with these insights is a matter of asking the right questions. So, there are four parts of effective research for your insights. So, number one is understanding your audience. So, it's

knowing what keeps them up at night, what do they dream about, what do they love, how old are they, what is their demographics, etc., etc. Number two is competitor analysis. This is a big thing in research. What insights are your competitors currently saying that you can kind of counteract? What is your audience thinking about because they're watching all of this other content right

now? Number three is content gathering. So, it's gathering certain facts, certain ideas, certain statistics that you can then counter in your content or use to back up your insights. And number four is validation. So, it's checking that the insights that you have is actually correct. It's checking that the facts, statistics that you actually collected is accurate so that you can

present it to your audience and build trust that way. is so in order to find standout insights, I have this list of questions here that I look at every single time when I'm trying to write a YouTube video. I ask myself, what do you believe to be true that most people don't? What problem does your audience have that they can't articulate? What trick works for you that most people

wouldn't think would work? What's one common industry practice that you stand against? What were you wrong about that you're less wrong about now? What does everyone get wrong about what you do?

What's one fundamental thing people tend to forget? What's a false belief your audience has? and what is your audience over complicating? So, in this specific video, what is the insight that I'm trying to convey to you? So, I looked at this list and I said, "Oh, what's a false belief my audience has? My audience has a false belief that giving value is the best way to write an

educational script when that's not actually true. The best way is to give insight or it's to harness insights from your daily life and turn that into YouTube videos." I So, I picked this specific question and I can actually turn that into an entire video. that's just talking about this one thing and explaining it fully. So once you have the insight, you want to create a unique

mechanism for it. So you want to give it a unique name that piqus curiosity and make it obvious what you're talking about at the first class. So that's the two requirements for the name of the unique mechanism. So an example would be the backwards scripting framework. So that's scripting backwards. Maybe it's writing the body first and then the hook. Now the belief pattern interrupt

or the out sophistication principle, right? Some of these has some element of curiosity, but it's also kind of obvious what you're trying to talk about if given the context. So there you go.

That's how you create insightbased content instead of valuebased content so that you can build trust at scale and grow your audience from zero to 100,000 to a million followers because the top creators have used this. You love all of your top creators because they give unique insights. Alex Mosi has unique insights. Ali Abdal tells you something new every single week that you haven't

heard before. Because truly only with unique insights are you able to stand out from a sea of YouTube videos that sound the exact same. If you want to learn how I turned value content into insightbased content just with a couple of tweaks, click the link in the description and I'll send you my cheat sheet for turning value content into insight based content so that you can

scale with the right audience and build trust with them. Also, value versus insight is just a small portion of mastering script writing. You still need to learn how to write hooks, open loops, how to write the body, how to write a call to action. And that's why I put together this full course which teaches you everything that you need to know about how to write a great YouTube

video. Click over here and I'll see you in the next one.