Why do 99% of businesses fail to generate sales, views, and leads on YouTube? Well, after working with over 700 businesses, I discovered that it's usually down to just four very simple things. So, stick with me for just 5 minutes and I'm going to show you what they are and how to fix them. And by the end, you're going to have clarity on exactly where to focus next to get

better results. Okay. So, why do 99% of businesses fail on YouTube? Well, what you want to do is think of generating sales and views like a chain and there are four links on it. And then if one of these links breaks, the whole chain falls apart and you won't get any results. Now, sadly, most businesses fail because one or all of their links are broken. So now I'm going to show you

what each link represents and how to fix it. So this first link is all about understanding your dream buyer. So let me show you how powerful this is. So a business came to me and they were getting thousands of views per video, but they were about to quit because the views weren't turning into income and it meant it wasn't really sustainable. So, I gave them a system that made them ask

two really important questions. The first was who was their perfect buyer? The second was what problems did those perfect buyers actually want solving? And that's when they realized they'd built their whole channel and business around viewers who were never going to become buyers. But once they got clarity on the type of person that would and understood what they truly cared about

the most, they went from struggling to sell a $78 a month offer to selling almost the same thing for $9,000. And they hit $37,000 a few months later as a result. So, if you don't know exactly who your perfect buyer is and what they care about, stop making videos and focus on this because if you're getting it wrong, your first link's broken and nothing else you do will ever work. Then

you move on to the next link in our chain, which is making videos that drive people back to your sales page. The thing is, most businesses get this bit totally wrong because they are always asking themselves, "How do I get more viewers?" But that is the wrong question to ask because viewers don't buy.

viewers leave random comments like, "This guy looks like a farmer." So instead, what you want to do is make videos that are only designed to attract your ideal buyers, the ones you established in link one. When you do that, your dream buyers discover your channel and they go, "Wow, every video is designed to help me solve the problem I really care about the most." So, they

binge and then they start to see you as the expert on the topic. The thing is, so many businesses panic when I tell them to do this and they say, "Ed, won't my views drop off a cliff if I target one person?" And my first answer is, well, would you rather a business that makes money and gets less views or a channel that gets views but makes no money. But secondly, becoming known for

solving a problem, it doesn't mean less views. So that client that almost quit, these are his monthly view numbers after he made those big changes. And you can see right here, they took a bit of a dip, right? But actually, that's only because he stopped posting videos to work on the first two links in his chain. But look here, when he went back to making videos, the views picked up

again, but this time with more of his perfect buyers. And this is how you get to $100,000 a month. Which brings us onto the next link in the chain, which is your sales page for your product or your service. Here, all you have to do is make sure it says you solved the problems your dream buyers care about that you have established already in link one. So, let's use my sales page as

an example. So, my dream buyer is business owners looking to generate sales and views from YouTube. That's their problem they want solving. So, this is the headline on my page that teases that big result they want. Then, we have a quick testimonial that teases that result again. Then, we have another headline that teases that same result they want again. So, if you kept

scrolling down, you're going to see I don't promise editing. I don't promise writing. I don't promise stuff about presenting, even though it's really important. I just promise getting them more views, sales, and leads because that is the thing they care about the most. So, if your page doesn't do this, why would anyone buy anything from you?

And now the fourth link in the chain, this is all about measurement, and it is something most businesses completely ignore. But here's why it is so critical where you do it every single month. So, the channel I told you about that almost quit for the first 12 weeks of implementing all of these things, they didn't make any sales. But every month they measured how many people visited

their page, how many booked a call, and how many of those calls converted. And then these numbers then revealed the areas that performed the worst in their chain. And that meant they could then focus on fixing the problem areas. And it worked. And if you want to see how more businesses are using this system so they can go from struggling to $30,000 moms, check out this video next. And I

hope you realize how this game actually works. Was a baby making a ruckus?