Most businesses think the YouTube algorithm decides how well their video performs. But that's not true because you can control it if you know how to make videos the right way. So, in this video, I am going to show you behind the scenes of my own video creation system that has now generated hundreds of millions of views and tens of millions of dollars for businesses all over the

world. We're going to look at ideiation, planning, filming, my editing system that knocks out videos at lightning pace, and how I measure and launch videos so that they grow my business and my channel faster. By the end, you're going to understand exactly where to focus your time to get the best results.

To start, you need to understand why most businesses make videos totally the wrong way and they fail as a result. And the best way to think about this is that a great YouTube video is like building a house of cards. The thing that matters the most is the bottom row because if you screw that up, the whole thing collapses. So, how does this relate to YouTube? Well, there is tons of awful

advice on YouTube telling you to just post videos with this idea that posting stuff will eventually get you somewhere. But that's like doing this. If I just keep making videos, eventually this house of cards is going to build itself.

Right. Right. That doesn't work because making videos is the middle row in our house of cards. The bottom which we build on, that is where you control the algorithm. So, this is how I make videos in a way that's helped me make millions from YouTube. And it all starts with step one on the bottom row. And all you do is you ask yourself, what's the goal for my video? And there are three goals.

I'm going to give you an example of each to show you why this matters so much. So this video's goal was to get email signups. So I optimized the video to do that. In it, I used a tool to make a point, one that I had built myself, and then I told viewers, you can get this tool, too, if you click the link below.

This caused 12% of the viewers to click. Now, if you're not sure if that's good or not, the average link click below a YouTube video is less than 1% based on Rev Tracks data and we've got tracking 700 million views. Now, now this video's goal was sales. So, I made the content about a very targeted problem I know my dream buyers have and that they want to get rid of. And as you can see from my

Rift Track data, this video made $4 per view as a result. So, you get results like this when you make a video showing your dream buyers how to solve the problem that keeps them up at night.

that hooks them and they go, "No way. This has happened to me." And then when you show them how to solve it, they go clicking on your sales page. And then this video's goal was just views. Now, if you want views, jumping on a trend is the easiest way to do that. So, because I wanted views, I just made a video talking about new AI and it performed really well. Now, the reason you need a

goal before you make a video is because you then design your entire video around it and that's how you get results. Now, if you don't do this, you just won't think tactically enough. Step two of our system, you take your goal and you ideulate a video around it. Now, ideation is basically coming up with your videos, your angle, your thumbnail, and your title. But how do you

strategically come up with that in a way that could generate you more sales, views, and leads? Well, there's three questions you can ask yourself every time you want to talk about something.

So, let's say I want to make a video about optimizing a sales page for conversion. I would ask myself, one, do my viewers even know what that means? Two, do they understand why it matters?

Three, do they think it solves the problem they actually have? And based on this example, the answer is no in every case. But does that mean I wouldn't make that video now? Absolutely not, cuz I know how life-changing that information is. So, I'm not going to quit on my viewers. Instead, I'm going to reposition my idea so it becomes something they do understand why it

matters to them. So, most people would turn around and say, "My video idea is going to be called how to optimize a sales page for conversion." I would however call it I studied a thousand YouTubers. Here's why they can't make money. It's the same content positioned in a way I know my viewers understand the value of. Then inside the video I would talk about optimizing sales pages

for conversion. But Ed, how did you come up with that thumbnail and that title? Well, most businesses think that coming up with a thumbnail and title is all about copying the biggest channels in your niche who are already getting a ton of views. That doesn't work because if you try and do that for your viewers, it's like watching a Queen tribute act playing on a Thursday night in your

local bar to a crowd of five. It's a little bit cringe even if they are good because they can tell who you're trying to copy and can also see that hardly anyone has turned up to watch you. And they ain't going to ever like Freddy. I mean, think about how YouTube works. Your viewers are watching the biggest channels in your niche. So, if I copy Horoszi's thumbnail style and

his title, my audience are going to see it and go, "Ed's trying to be Horoszi. That's sweet." And then they're going to go and watch him because unlike Freddy, he's not dead. So, they can have the real thing. So, copying the biggest channels so closely doesn't really work.

What you do is this. So, about a year ago, I made a video called YouTube's hard until businesses know this. And the thumbnail said make boring thumbnails. And then a few weeks ago, you're going to see I made a video called YouTube's hard until businesses do this. and I wrote make boring videos in the thumbnail. Now, the reason that differentiates my channel is because

that's not copying. That's a sequel to one of my own hits. And because people love a sequel, I have an original franchise of content on my channel that makes me look unique. But where did that original idea come from? Well, this is how you ideate without looking like a cheap knockoff. So, to make this, I borrowed Jeff Nippod's thumbnail style from the fitness niche. I'd noticed the

word boring popping up on very high performing video titles across YouTube. And I probably saw a title structure somewhere like X is hard until you do this. Otherwise, I went renegade and made it up. Can't actually remember that time. So, when you take what works from multiple videos across different niches and then apply it to your own, you create something original that if it

works, you repeat. And then we move on to the final step in building the base of our house of cards, planning. Now, most businesses screw this up because they listen to advice like to plan a video, just jot a few points on paper and then just talk about it.

Sorry. All right, so let me explain why this will not work for you. About 10 years ago, Daniel Priestley released what I think is probably the best business book of all time. It's called Oversubscribed. And in it, he shared the marketing system he used to generate millions. Since then, he's written more books. He has built software companies.

He's appeared on the biggest podcasts in the world. He's coached entrepreneurs. and he's created frameworks that break businesses down into really simple practical ideas anyone can understand.

So to put it simply, he's just a world-class expert. So give him a topic and he'll probably grab a pen and paper, sketch out one of his frameworks, and explain it clearly with almost no effort planning our script. But if you haven't worked hands-on with people for over a decade, you don't have frameworks that you've created from 20 years of repetition, you don't know all of the

problems your target audience face, or the simplest way to explain them. How can you possibly expect to make great videos that can compete with people like him by saying, "Oh, I'm just going to jot down a few bullet points and talk to camera." And here's why this advice gets so much worse. Planning your video is where you actually develop the frameworks and the methods that simplify

your content. And those frameworks that you figure out over time become valuable intellectual property that you can use for years. So when I'm planning a video, I'm not just asking myself, what's a good way to describe this? I am hunting for the next breakthrough explanation that I will keep teaching for years that will change more lives when people hear it and go, "Oh my gosh, that makes so

much more sense now, Ed. Thank you." So, if you're out there telling people to just scribble some bullet points and present, for the love of God, stop. You are creating a butterfly effect that makes the whole world dumber. So, here's how I've planned videos for years. So, here's how I've planned videos for years to get views, sales, and leads flying in. Now, the problem you're going to

have when you start planning is that you're going to be very overwhelmed. You're going to want to talk about so many different things and you're going to be thinking, "How long should the video be? How deep do I go?" And your brain, it's going to be an overwhelmed mess. So to get around that, I like to think of a plan as a big brain funnel that is split into these three sections.

At the top of the funnel, I present out loud everything that I might want to say. I don't worry if it's wrong or right. I just get it off my chest whilst my computer is dictating everything I say. So the words appear on screen like this. Then I take my brain dump and I throw it into AI and I just ask it to tidy up into a list of bullet points. So what this has done has turned overwhelm

into some structure. Then we move into the middle of the brain funnel. So years ago, someone came up with this idea that to generate sales from content, you need to confuse your viewers with a ton of information that makes it feel like it's so hard they couldn't possibly attempt it on their own, so they'll pay you to do it. But that is one immoral, but two doesn't work. Because what happens on

YouTube is the second your viewer feels overwhelmed, they just leave and they go and watch someone else who makes things feel easy for them. So here is the secret to planning a video in this section to achieve that. You need to realize your job is to not give viewers every single detail. Your job is to strip away anything that isn't essential so that what is left both educates and

inspires your viewers to try out what you've taught them. When you take something a viewer finds complicated and you make it feel simple, it then makes them feel smart and that makes them want to work with you more than the other option, which makes them feel like an idiot. But how do you do that? Well, you take your brain dump and you ask yourself, what are the quickest wins on

here for them? And what could I delete from this? And they'd still get an amazing result without it. And that's it. After that, you move on to the bottom of the brain funnel. And this is where the magic happens. And most businesses don't even know this exists.

But the people like Daniel Priestley who smashing it online, they know this is what it's all about. And it works like this. So remember the house of cards at the start of this video. The reason I use that is because if I had said to you, you need to focus on the foundations like goals, ideation, and planning. Otherwise, nothing else will really work. That's just words coming

out my mouth. Sure, you're going to understand it, but it won't hit home in the same way as my visual example because you can literally see the problem you'll face if you ignore me.

And then that gives me a much stronger argument in this video. And it's a visual hook, too. What that means is your brain doesn't have to work as hard. It just instantly clicks and that's what keeps people engaged when you're educating them. So, the bottom of the brain funnel is all about turning your remaining points into information that just slips into your viewers's mind so

that they want to come back to your channel over and over again. And you do that like all of the experts do by wrapping every point you make into a story, a framework, a metaphor, or a visual. This is where the magic happens because we have now taken all of that information that was at the top.

Distilled it into just what matters and then optimize that for understanding and it's just not possible to do all of that off the top of your head after you've scribbled down a few bullet points on a bit of paper with a coffee stain on it probably. Now, when you have that, you then turn that plan into a script. Now, I can hear people going, "I don't want to write a script. I don't sound natural

on camera." But don't worry, I'm going to show you how to fix that in a second and why it's critical you do. So, let's imagine I'm making a video about how to produce YouTube thumbnails. This is what people will sound like when they go unscripted, which will destroy your credibility and your viewers ability to focus and learn from you. All right, here we go. If your thumbnail and title

don't match the content of your video, people will leave. So, if they click on a video expecting one thing and then they get something else, they feel kind of misled and they'll drop off. And if they feel misled, that means the algorithm won't push you because it thinks people don't like it. And if the algorithm doesn't push you, you won't get views. So, the big takeaway here is

you really need to make sure your thumbnail and title match the content. Otherwise, people won't stick around and if they don't stick around, the algorithm won't push your video and then you won't get any views. You see the problem with that? I rewrote that into a script and it's this. If your funnel and title don't match the content of your video, people will leave and you won't

grow as a result. That's why I always plan around expectations first. You see the difference? What you need to realize is your viewers's brain has a maximum capacity. So if you keep throwing more and more words at them and then repeating the same point over and over again after they've already understood it, you're not adding clarity. You're creating information overload and they

will tap out and they will lose interest. That was a click, not a tap. So look, if we look at the words from my unscripted example, everything after the first line was overexlained. Meaning it created that effect. And this will happen to you if you present without a script because you're not presenting and at the same time thinking how do I optimize this sentence for cognitive

load so I say in less words and it's faster and easier to absorb with frameworks and metaphors and stories. So until you have spent a decade refining and explaining frameworks that simplify.

Just do yourself and your viewers a favor and learn to write a script. And then once you've done your script, we move on to the next step and level of our house of cards. And this is where the process of making videos can suddenly speed up a ton thanks to all the work you put in already because all we do is film. Now, most businesses totally wreck their house of cards here

because they are presenting off of bullet points. So, they're trying to think and trying to work out how to come across as confident on camera. And as a result, they look like this. Hi there, I'm Ed.

&gt;&gt; We got to remember to be looking down the barrel. &gt;&gt; Cool. So, I keep looking up. &gt;&gt; We will too. &gt;&gt; Hi, I'm Ed. Hi, I'm Ed. So, we want to share with you our whole journey from the starting process, how to plan a film, promoting yourself. Now, if you don't recognize me without the glasses, that was me 9 years ago presenting my

first ever video. 100 kg of muscle bursting out of my shirt, my arms flailing everywhere. I was shaky. I was nervous. And I really, really struggled with presenting for a very long time.

When I was filming that, I was constantly thinking to myself, what do I say next? And that stopped the words coming out which made me even more nervous. And honestly, I never thought I would crack this. But how did I overcome this? Well, back then I had a production company and we put like thousands of people in front of a camera who had never presented before and tried to get

them to make videos like you're watching right now. And we had this philosophy. You don't need a script. Just turn up. We'll get you presenting. It was a flipping disaster. People used to cry in our studio. I had an ex paratrooper who stood there shaking cuz he was so afraid of the camera. CEOs who used to do talks on stages in front of thousands of people would come in and freeze and go,

I don't know why I can't speak. And we would spend hours trying to get them to say just a few lines. Then one day we thought, hang on, let's try something else. So we wrote a script. We dusted off an old teleprompter. And the person who'd been struggling smashed out the entire script in like 15 minutes. And the end they turned to us and went, "Oh my gosh, it was so easy. Why was it so

hard before? And that is the exact thing that transformed that musly guy in a shirt that's too small into the slightly less musly guy with the weird orange glasses you see on camera today. Now, a lot of people say, "I don't want to use a teleprompter. It makes me sound unnatural." But that's like picking up a guitar for the first time, strumming it, and going, "I don't sound like Brian

May. This takes practice." So, here's what I'd recommend. Film five videos with your script and your teleprompter. Understand this will not be easy to start, but it will get easier. And then don't try to nail the whole script in one take. Do it like I do. Deliver a few lines and then if you mess up, just go back to the previous line and then retake. If a line feels off, then you

just reshoot. Filming with a teleprompter is not a competition where you're supposed to get everything right in one go. It's supposed to allow you to focus 100% of your energy on delivery, not the words coming out of your mouth.

And this will enable you to build the skill of presenting much faster. In fact, right now as I'm speaking, I'm not even thinking about what I'm saying. I am just reading off the teleprompter like Ron Burgundy. Okay. So, the next step of our house of cards is editing.

And I'm going to give you a system that me and my editor use. And it's going to make you and your editor 10 times faster. Now, most business owners get very frustrated here because what happens is they send their video to their editor and it turns into this endless back and forth of hours of feedback. This system stops this. In fact, Greg and I use this to edit maybe

a hundred videos of course content over the last few years. And I've asked for about 10 changes of feedback in total. Not on each video. I lost them all. And many were just tiny little things or actually my fault, not his. So here's how we do it. I film the video. I send it to Greg who edits on something called Da Vinci Resolve. He cuts out the mistakes and the pauses. Then he sends

it back something called an XML file. I open that up in Final Cut and can see all of his cuts. I then drop my notes right into the timeline where I want to add things. So, if I want a specific animation, I'll just record a loom where I'm drawing it out in a really budget way and explaining what I want. And then I paste the link to the video roughly where I want it on my timeline. I then

also dump on screenshots and notes saying the kind of things I want in that section of the video. Then I send this little file back to him. He opens it. It loads all my work onto his timeline. He reads the notes and then he just makes the video. Now, for me, that might take me about half an hour to do for every video. And what I find is some people push back and they say, "Ed, I don't

want to do half an hour editing. I want my editor to figure it all out." But here's the problem. I've already built frameworks. I've already got screenshots and I know the exact visuals I want at certain points. So if I have to type out a big list of instructions every single time or have a zoom to explain to them, this is going to take me so long. Now, sometimes I'll turn around and go, Greg,

can you just make that bit more interesting, please? And he'll do his Greg thing cuz he's really good at editing. So, this is just the simplest system that I think most people should use. By the way, Greg has launched his own channel and he's made a video about how he edits for me in detail. I'll leave the link below. Go and support him otherwise I'll never make another video

again. All right, so next we move on to the top of our house of cards. And this part is very important because it's where we figure out two things. First, did the video hit the goal we set? And second, what's our next move to get more sales, views, and leads from the next set of videos we produce? But before we measure, we've got to post our video.

Now, for some reason, videos about YouTube settings get millions of views, and it blows my mind because all I do is paste my product and email links below the video in the description, and then in the comments, and I add an end screen, and I set the title and thumbnail, and I hit publish. You don't need to spend half an hour pushing buttons. That's it. What actually

matters is measurement. So here all you want to do is you want to go back to the first step where we set our goal and ask did I hit the goal was views. I check if it's kind of got what I expected. If not I don't look at clickthrough rate or any of the data in the YouTube studio other than maybe a retention graph. And I haven't done all year my channel grew itself magically. Measurement doesn't

need to be that complex. And the truth is, if you've got fewer views than you expected, it's almost always because your title and thumbnail didn't spark enough curiosity or your content itself just didn't work. That's the big two problems. You don't need a dashboard full of overwhelming click-through rate metrics to work that out. You can literally just ask a friend and say, "Is

that from title making you curious to want to click? And where in the video did you get bored or switch off?" And then you'll have your answer. Now, if the goal was email signups, that's when the YouTube studio actually becomes incredibly harmful for businesses. So, let me give you an example. The studio once told me this video here was a big old flop, a 10 out of 10 failure. But

then when I look in Rev Track, which tracks sales and leads from YouTube videos, it shows me it's a 1 out of 10 for clicks by a very long way. That's basically the best performing video for driving traffic to an email signup page I'd ever made. So, if I had gone by judging my video's performance, following YouTube's views studio data, I would have never done the things that I

did in that video again that actually grew my business more than anything else I'd done. So, if my goal was email, I just look at the amount of viewers who clicked to sign up and then how many of them converted. If it got lots of clicks and emails, I just repeat what I did in another video. And if the goal was sales, I do the same thing. I just look at Rev Tracks data and see, did it make

me sales? And if it did, I do more of it. And if it didn't, I do less of it. And if the amount of people who clicked on the link to my sales page was low, just ask why and then I'll fix it for the next video. And if you want to see how other businesses use the very simple system I've just showed you to turn more viewers into buyers, watch this video next and learn the real way to grow

YouTube channel business that won't kid you into thinking bullet points on a bit of paper are enough. Trust me, they are not. No one will beat me. You know, it's a guarantee.