YouTube's just released this new feature, and if you use it wrong, it could potentially wreck the performance of your business's content. However, if you use it the right way, we maybe have a game-changing feature that's going to enable you to learn three times faster than before, which means three times faster the results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what it is and how

to use it so you don't completely wreck yourself. All right, so what is the new feature? Well, a while ago, YouTube added the ability to split test thumbnails. And I was over the moon with this because for years you had to upload a video, wait a few hours, check the numbers, and then manually swap thumbnails until you worked out which one was the best performer. And that

wasted a lot of time. But when they brought in split testing, you could now upload three different thumbnails. And YouTube would test them against each other for you and then set the winner.

And now they just started rolling out split testing for titles on mass, which will look like this in your YouTube studio when you go to upload a new video. But that is where the problem comes in. So, let me show you how this works and why it might wreck your video's performance using it. So, a split tester works like this. Let's say you've got three different titles that

you think you might want to use, but you can't pick and you're not sure which one your viewers might like the most. So, you put them in and then when you launch your video, YouTube is going to slice your audience up into three different sections. So, a third are going to see title option A. the next third title option B and the next third title option C. And then YouTube's going to start to

measure the results so that it can then set the best performing title for you. But how does it measure results? Well, most people think, "Oh, surely it should measure what's got the highest click-through rate." But it doesn't do that. It actually measures your performance based on the watchtime share. Now, this makes sense because you can clickbait people and that will then

make your click-through rate go up, but it doesn't mean your video is better. It often means it's worse. So, YouTube uses watch time as the ultimate signal to set your winner here, because that is a sign the video got clicks, but also matched and exceeded your viewers's expectations. And if you don't know why that matters, well, matching and exceeding a viewer's expectations is

like one of the secrets to success on YouTube. and I'll point to a video at the end that will teach you more about that. When YouTube's got enough data, it sets the winner and then that's what everyone sees. Now, if you're a big channel, this is going to work really quick. If it's a small one, it could take days because you have less data.

But here's the massive issue with this. And it's not split testing thumbnails. It's not split testing titles. It's split testing the combination of both. So, let me show you what I mean. So, imagine I have these three thumbnails that I want to split test. They all have different words in. And then I have these three titles. In theory, that sounds good, right? But let's say it

makes this one the winner. Now, we have to establish why did that win? Was it the thumbnail? Was it the title? Or was it the two combined? And the problem is when we're split testing two things at once, we don't know. So, it kind of defeats the whole point of a split tester. And then it stops us from getting that lesson is absolutely key to then enable us to repeat it on our

channel so that we grow. So, the individual title test is great. And the individual thumbnail test is great, but combined, I don't think you should ever use this. So, what do you do instead?

Well, it's simple. Either pick three different titles to test with the same thumbnail or three different thumbnails to test with the same title. And then, if you like, after the test has picked a winner, you could then run another test testing the thing that you didn't start with. But which one do you test first, your thumbnail or your title? Well, I don't think there's a simple black and

white answer for this. And for me, here's what I'm going to do. I'm usually way more confident in my titles and my thumbnails. So, I'm going to start on my thumbnail test. If the video is doing well after my test ends or even during, I'm not going to do a title test. I'm just going to leave it. Like, I don't think we need to use these features just because they're there. If the video

isn't performing as I'd hoped, then I might run a title test to try and pick up the views with the winning thumbnail. But, if I'm honest, this starts to get way more complicated again. So although I think it's a fantastic feature, it's bringing in complexity which I think is going to swamp beginners and maybe cause more problems. So all I would say right now is that the most important thing

that you can learn about isn't how to use the split tester. It's actually how to come up with packaging that increases your video's watch time. So, watch this video next where I'm going to show you how to match a viewer's expectations and how to make a video style that's going to get them to the end and grow your channel and increase your watch time so you can grow your business,