Have you ever dreamt of growing a YouTube channel in a business, but there's just something stopping you from doing it? Well, I wanted to know what that thing might be. So, I pulled my community, and I was horrified when most people said their biggest concern about YouTube was not earning enough to pay back their time investment. This is the worst reason for not starting a channel.

So, in this video, I just want to show you what happened to me when I started on YouTube so that you can understand that not only will you get back everything you put in, you will get a hundred times more. And then I'm going to give you three more reasons you need to start a YouTube channel right now.

All right. So, why is the fear such an irrational fear that makes no sense? Well, it's because of this. So, if we go back to 2019, I had a video production company and every month we started from 0 and I had to make us £22,000 by the end of the month. And what that meant was I had to hit the phones all day and I would ring people and they would ignore me. I would

drive 3 hours across the country to meet someone who said they were super interested in buying some videos only to be told by the receptionist, "Sorry, Dave's too busy right now. Can you come back tomorrow?" And this went on for years. I always had this overriding stress of how am I going to get paid this month? And then worse, when I did get paid, once the tax man's taken his

bit and once you've paid the mortgage and once you've paid off the car and at that time I didn't have anything particularly extravagant, I was thinking, well, I'm only left with a couple of,000 and I want to have a life and I have to save and actually if I want to buy a bigger house or a nicer car or have holidays or retire, this isn't enough. Now, at that time, I just

started watching YouTube videos to try and learn how to grow my business, how to do SEO, how to do ads. And I came across people like Daryl E and Tim Schmoover, and they were talking about how to grow YouTube channels and SEO and all this stuff. And I remember thinking, "These guys are amazing. They're so useful. I bet they never have to chase people for sales." And then I looked

into it and they're making so much money. And I found this whole niche and world of people making money online. So, I decided, right, you need to do what they're doing in some way, shape, or form and make YouTube videos. So, I got out a spreadsheet and calculated if I could grow a channel 5% a month for 10 years, I can compound that to 500,000 subscribers. And I reckon if I can get

500,000 subscribers, I might be able to generate a quart of a million pounds, which was my kind of north star, which I decided if I can get that, I'll be able to retire. I'll be able to do nicer things. I won't feel so trapped. And this brings us on to our first lesson here. And it's that not at one point did I ever look at YouTube or any of this and go, I'm scared this won't pay me

back for the time I put into it. The real fear I had was if I don't do this, what will change? And I see so many people, they want to start a YouTube channel and they try it for a few videos and stop and then they go back to their life that they're not happy with and they go back to chasing clients and they go back to being someone who people ignore and having to do all these things

that they don't want to do just to survive. So the first thing you have to realize is the real risk of not starting a YouTube channel is being in the same place in 10 years time. And that is the thing that scared me more than anything else. Now, I'd made the call of going, "Right, I'm gonna go all in on this for 10 years. I have another problem. I've got to run the business. I got to make

money. And I've got to try and grow a channel." So, I got up 5:00 a.m. and worked till 8:00 a.m., then did my job, then finished and did 6:00 till 10:00 at night YouTube, which is not sustainable.

But again, I was driven by this fear that if I don't do this, what's going to happen to me? And the way I looked at it was if this really hurts for three years or even 10, at least I've got 30 years left or 40 years left where I'm going to be so comfortable I'll always thank myself for those 10 miserable years. And if you look at it in the grand scheme of your life, 10 years of hard work, it's

not that much of a big deal. So I just kept hammering it, hammering it, hammering it. I was posting three videos a week and I was getting absolutely nowhere. And after about 18 months, I thought, "This is dumb. It doesn't work." But I didn't want to give in because I still had the looming disaster of the life I was still living. So I changed strategy. I took it more

seriously. I put more effort into the content and it blew up the channel I used to have called Film Booth. And that is when everything changed. Now this is what people don't understand about business or YouTube. We always assume the worst. We assume that the pain we're in right now is going to remain forever even if we try. But even if you banged your head against a brick wall for 10

years, eventually your head's going to go through it, right? So what will happen to you is through being someone who can tolerate an immense amount of frustration, you will get ahead of everyone else who will eventually quit.

And then what happens is you don't need much before things start to change. So I have a video that blows up and then the next one does well, then the next one does well, then the biggest channels in the niche emailing me. Then I've started to get invited onto podcasts. We So if we look at the start of year two, I went from really struggling to the end. I was pretty much making more as a side hustle

than my entire 10year northstar goal was. And then after that, what happens is we go full-time. And this is October 2021. And then the turnover jumps up and ups and up. And it doubled every year until we capping out at like 4 million this year. But keep in mind, I'm still not at the end of my 10 years. I've got four years to go and I'm about 50 years ahead of where I ever thought I would

be. You will massively underestimate what is possible here. So, you'll get tons of sponsorship requests. You'll get people coming to you saying, "Do you want to help partner in my software with me?" You'll get invited to do talks.

You'll get invited to do podcasts. You'll get invited to invest in drink companies. And then the final reason you kind of need to start today is today is the easiest YouTube will ever be ever again. Tomorrow, it's going to be a little bit harder. Every day you don't do this, you are basically shooting yourself in the foot. And if you're not very happy and if you don't see much

future potential in your life, that's on you. And if you need any more inspiration, so just watch this video here. It's full of examples of businesses who have gone from very tough periods in their life to growing a channel, growing a business, making hundreds of thousands of dollars. And all of them have exactly the same pattern. They weren't afraid to take

action.