So, I decided to shut down my business for new clients at the end of 2025. And I want to tell you why. Cuz I think there's five or six good lessons in this that you're going to find useful when it comes to growing your own business next year. At the end, I'll also show you what I'm going to do instead. All right.

So, things went very well over the last three years. I did a million dollars. Then the next year, I did two million. And then this year, we're going to go over $4 million. Next year, I was going for $8 million. And I had a plan, and I felt pretty confident about hitting it.

But something occurred to me that I think highlights one of the biggest problems with this space and it's this. So let's just break down business into a few sections. So my business model and probably yours was made up of some key parts. We have content creation which is basically just making YouTube videos.

Then we have marketing. So although making YouTube videos is kind of marketing, by that I mean email and sales pages and funnels. Then we have sales. So I had three full-time sales guys helping me out. Then we had delivery. So this is actually working with the clients to help them get results. Then you have team management.

This is looking after the team. And then you have product improvements. This is working on the product to make it better and better. And what you tend to find is nobody is energized or enjoys every single one of them. So to give you an example, let's just score each one with how it impacts me as a traffic light.

And I think you should do this yourself too. So I could make content 28 hours a day. It fills me with energy. I also love marketing, writing emails, and building sales pages. I find it fun. I also love working on my product because it's building and improving stuff. So, that's stuff like updating course content and making new apps to try and help make people's lives easier. So, all

of those things are green light. They don't zap me of energy, they actually give it to me. Then we have delivery. So, I do like working with people. But what I tend to find is some people, they zap my energy whilst others kind of fill me with it. So, that gets an orange light. It's good, but I couldn't do it 24 hours a day. And then everything else on there sucks the life out of me and

drains me. Now, when I say drains me, that means if I just do those tasks, I won't be able to get out of bed in the morning. Now, my team are probably watching this going, "Well, screw you, Ed, but let me explain that so they don't hate me." So, my team are amazing because I don't manage them. They have a ton of common sense and they're very good at what they do. So, I don't really

have to tell them to do much. so they don't drain me. But this is still a red zone because when I get new people on, most of the time they do and I have to fire them pretty quick because they don't have that common sense I'm looking for. But the real red light problem here is sales. I know what it is, but when you are selling something, it's always in your mind. And what I found was it

made me so much worse at making content and coming up with ideas and working on all of those green things. But at the start of 2025, I implemented a weight list system. And this solved the problem because for 3 to 4 weeks, I could be 100% focused on content and product development and looking after clients because we weren't selling anything and then I'd have one week where sales were

open and the thing would always sell out really quick. But that week would drain me. However, I thought it was only a week every 3 or 4 weeks, so I can keep doing that for years. The thing is it then came time to think about the next level milliondoll months and I thought hm this model could do it but it's probably unlikely and also onboarding double the amount of people every month

in a week that could get a little bit chaotic. So I thought I need to open sales all the time and to do that I'm going to need more traffic to hit my sales page and discover my offer. Now, I could do this by posting more content, by putting more effort into the videos, by sending more emails, but that's probably going to burn me out. So, I thought, all right, I'll start trying

ads. I'll buy more traffic and use organic combined. And then next year, along with an upsell I had planned. I thought 8 million was going to be pretty doable. Anyway, we fired up the ads and then suddenly this whole new section appeared. The ultimate life sucking drain section ads. You see, what I like about YouTube is that every video is kind of like an ad, but you get a ton of

value from it. Whereas ads, they're just advertising. There's no value. So, I think that's why I found this type of content sucked the life out of me like a Dyson with a V12 engine strapped onto it. But the worst thing was with ads, there's now more attention needed to sales. So, all the stuff that energized me was just getting pushed to one side, and I had very little time to do it.

Now, I know how businesses work. I've been doing this long enough to know that the truth is if you want to hit any level above you, you have to put yourself through an immense amount of pain and frustration where you leave your comfort zone of the thing that was working to seek out new heights so that you can earn more. I call it breaking yourself to remake yourself. And I had

to break myself to remake myself into someone who was actually capable of making $8 million a year. But one morning, I woke up and thought, why? Why am I chasing more? Why do I care about a million dollar month? And when I looked at what earning more meant, it just meant more time doing all the things I hate. Now, the business people out there, they're going to say, "Well,

that's easy. You just outsource all the stuff that you don't like and you build a bigger team." But I don't want to build a bigger team. It can drain me. I like the team I have. So, I asked myself, why do you want to actually get to 8 million a year? And I was kind of ashamed when I realized the only reason I want to do this was for other people.

So firstly, I think I just wanted the status of being someone who can hit that number because there's not that many people on the planet who can do it. But that is incredibly lame. That is a decision to base your entire self-worth off of your ego. But then also when I looked at a lot of businesses doing big numbers, one thing I noticed was the bigger they got, the worse their product

and service became. Probably because they're so focused on all the red things, getting new people rather than kind of looking after them, making it better. So, I thought, well, what do I want? And I realized firstly, I love the idea that I make a video that gets 10,000 views and 10,000 people could potentially take action on one thing I say and those 10,000 people then get

more views on their videos, educating other people. So, suddenly my one video with 10,000 views has impacted a million lives. And then secondly, I like finding ways to solve problems by making stuff.

So, I just thought, well, in that case, just do the green things 100% of the time. you enjoy it and the knock-on effect of you doing it is epic. So, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to finish off the year. I'm gonna let a few more people into my program. There's very limited spaces left now. And then when they're gone or at the end of January, I'll look after them and every

single person who I have been working with until our contracts end. Not they have contracts, but then at the start of next year, I'm just going to transition to a new business model. But Ed, why are you ending client support? like energizes you. It's orange. Well, it's because I know that most people don't want to do sales. They don't want to do client support, especially not on the

level I've been doing it. And they don't want to build a big team. But in order to charge more so you can earn more, you get to a point where you kind of have to do it. So, I thought, do you know what would be cool? Solving that problem.

Just helping people grow followings that build green blob only businesses where the flex isn't earning a million a month. The flex is I could earn more if I wanted to, but I'd have to sacrifice my freedom. Sacrificing your freedom isn't a business, it's a prison. And I think with the advancements in technology, there is a new way to grow businesses online that is either here

right now or very close on the horizon. And I want to be one of the people to help you discover it and implement it too. In the same way that years ago, I helped people stop making videos for search and then about 18 months ago started showing people the importance of niching down, this is just the next step in my evolution. So, with that in mind, what are you working on, Ed? Well, it's

very early days and I've got a ton of work to do before I can show you how to do that because I have to do it for myself first. But, I can let you in on a few of the ideas that I'm going to work on that will form part of the 2026 Grandmaster Plan. And the weirdest thing is two parts of the plan are incredibly old school. Firstly, I'm going to keep making YouTube videos cuz I really enjoy

making them on this channel. I think probably the most ever. I'm also gonna work on a book and I'm publicly announcing it to keep me accountable. It's gonna take me the best part of a year. I'm not trying to rush it, but I know I've got a good book in me I think you're gonna love. And then I came up with another idea. So recently I was wondering how did I learn to double my

business every year for three years. I've not paid anyone for business coaching for nine years. I paid a guy called John Busher. He's been my writing and story coach for almost four years now. We've met up every Monday. But other than that, I've not paid anyone for any help. I don't even watch YouTube videos about business. Every now and then, maybe one or two. And I've read

maybe like 10 business books over the last decade. Most of which I didn't finish. So, what caused me to learn stuff? Well, part of that is I'm curious. So, I just try things, see what happens, and then learn that way. But the biggest turning point came when I was in LA, and I spent a week with a few other entrepreneurs like Sam Oven and Chris Williamson and Andrew

Kirby, and we just talked and shared stories, and I got about five years of business lessons in three days. So I thought if this is how I learn best, why don't I build that into my business? So next year I'm just going to start running very small inerson events.

They're not going to be learning heavy sit in a boardroom and watch me point at a whiteboard and bore you to death. I don't think that's where the real value is. It'll be some sort of training, but the second half of the day is most likely just going to be hanging around with other really driven business owners so we can all learn from each other.

It's like a taxdeductible holiday where you level up a year in 3 days. That's the rough idea. Anyway, now I'm only going to offer this to existing clients first as I'm an introvert. So, this could be a blob that goes red quick and just sucks the life out of me, but I thought I'd try it anyway and then that's kind of all I can announce right now. But access to myself after this

year will no longer be available in the current form that I'm offering it. So, if you do want to work closely with me and my team, this is the last chance to get the support I give every day to businesses. And if you want some of the best, simplest advice I think I've ever given to business about YouTube, watch this video next. It is the secret source to building YouTube channels for

businesses. And thank you for listening to my midlife crisis. It's the third one I've had in five years. See you at the next one.