If I had to start over again tomorrow, I could only use organic content to get up to 200K a month as fast as possible. This is exactly what I do. I'm going to explain this whole process to you. And the reason I'm saying this is because at the time of this filming, I have like 26,000 YouTube sub Twitter account under my name. I have a LinkedIn profile and an email list of like 26,000 people. And

that alone pulls in probably about $200,000 a month in profit just like that organic stuff. Functionally, how does that work? How does the whole system work of like what I do? Because I don't have a huge YouTube channel. Like I'm not like a famous guy on YouTube.

Like I get between 3,000 15,000 views or whatever and like it's really not that much. But like how am I able to pull in like bare minimum $200,000 a month in profit just off that context. We're at like 1.2 million a month right now. A lot of that comes from my software company. So what I'm referring to like $200,000 a month profit. I send all of like my organic traffic to coaching and

consulting offers. That's what I'm referring to in here. Like it's like 200 grand a month like coaching consulting. How do I do that? So I want to explain this whole content system to you. It's really not difficult at all. Like it really just isn't. So, this all stems from the king of what I do is my email list. A lot of you guys might be on my email list, but I send the email to my

list anywhere from three to six times a week and it's very valued emails. So, I need to give you like a overarching strategy of how I fundamentally operate in online marketing at all. My core premise of everything is I need to get the maximum amount of people who have watched or consumed 10 hours of exposure to me. Why? Because people who have consumed 10 hours of exposure to me are

the most highly probable to convert and buy stuff from me. What I'm trying to do is get the maximum amount of people who know, like, and trust me because you will only buy something from me if you know, like, and trust me. So, this whole content system is all about maximizing how quickly and how many people fall into the pool of those who know, like, and trust me, right? And the most

efficient way to do that is to give them hell of content to consume and frequency like always be in front of them. So everyone on my email list gets three to six value emails, right? It's not like this annoying direct response kind of like buy this, buy this, buy this, buy this, buy this, like constantly peppering them and being a nuisance, right? I will go and sometimes write

essays to this email about like this specific thing is working right now and this is like all the evidence and here's graphs to explain it and like I had someone do this and here's the results and like it's like dense useful information constantly rammed at these people, right? And I get people who are responding to my emails all the time and I love it. They're like, "Bro, this

email is so good. This is the king." Right? I kid you not, like probably 60% of that $200,000 a month in profit comes from the email. But you need to get the email, right? You need to feed the email list somehow. You need to get the people on the email list in the first place.

So, how does that work? Tons of different strategies here. Let's walk through YouTube. So, I sometimes make YouTube videos. I'm always going to CTA something. I'm going to make a call to action to something in the YouTube video. So, I might say, "Hey, you literally can just join the email list or the link in the description." Some YouTube videos will be made specifically

around a specific lead magnet. there's like a free download. So like I have a lot of videos where I go over documents and stuff and sometimes it be like, "Hey, you can download this document if you go here and you put your name and email on here and then now you're on my email list." Or it might be like, "Hey, I have this like AI tool or whatever and you can download this and then you

download that, now you're on my email list, right? I'll make YouTube videos dedicated to promoting a specific lead magnet." That's like the core one CTA of the video, right? And what I generally try to do is make these YouTube videos SEO optimized for a specific like problem somebody's having and like I want it to rank. And you can literally get like 5 to 10% of the people who

watch the video to download the lead magnet. So you get like a,000 views. You can get like 50 to 100 email addresses from that. You get what I'm saying? Like I have one lead magnet where it's got like 1,300 downloads so far. I think I've got like four of these on YouTube, but I think over time I'll have like 50.

You know what I'm saying? Like it's a strategy I will regularly employ. like I'm going to do that. And then the same thing on Twitter. Twitter and LinkedIn, they do this thing where it's like, "Hey, like, leave a comment and then I'll automatically DM you like a link to download this." And you send the link and it's like a optin page. You get the email and then you get them on the email

list. Right? So, what I'm saying is like you have to imagine that like you have the email list as the king and then you get all the YouTube videos that feed over to the email list. Then you use those same lead magnets on uh Twitter and and LinkedIn. You feed that to the email list. And then you send values. This is super important. That's valued dense emails. You need to

actually be saying something. Very important that you do this. Now, before we get on, if you want help building this kind of stuff for your business, like how do I even build like this funnel and make this work, you should join the get clients challenge that we are hosting soon. It's a 5-day live challenge. And this whole topic I'm talking about today, I go super in-depth

on this on day five for an hour and a half. I got a very long presentation on exactly everything I'm talking about today in this video. It's the first link in the description. You can check that out. It's 5 days live of offers, outreach, sales, fulfillment, and funnel. It's the first link in the description. You should check that out.

But let's keep going in this video. And I want to break down what I'm cing. So, for instance, we have the email list, and I want you to just imagine this. So, we have the email list right here, right in the center, and then we got the YouTube videos that feed the email list.

And then we got Twitter and LinkedIn that feed the email list. But you need to have other funnels as well. So, like for instance, I have client ascension. That's a VSSL funnel, right? So, that's VSSL. You could book a call for a client ascension. Also have Olympia. That's another VSSL funnel. You could book a call for that. You can opt in on those.

If someone comes from somewhere else, like they somehow find those, they opt into those funnels, then they also get added to the email list, and the email list directs them back to the VSSL page to book a call over there. You see what I mean? So, sometimes you'll find in my YouTube videos, I just directly link to one of the offers and then maybe it's an opt-in page, sometimes it's not. You'll

get there, opt in on one of those, and then you're on the email list and get peppered with other offers, right? Which is another important thing to understand. What makes this work so well is that there are so many different things to buy from us, right? You have client extension, you have Olympia, you have the get clients challenge.

Sometimes there's other like low ticket products and just like random little things to buy. There's a at our software company list kit, there's a bunch of different products to buy. There's just things to purchase. And like what you got to understand is like all you're trying to do is put out the maximum amount of useful content because what this does is it just feeds the pool of

humans on the planet who know, like, and trust, right? And even if you were running ads for low ticket products, like my whole strategy of scaling like 1.2 million a month right now. The way we got here is by having so many customers and things for sale that when we launch a new thing, it could be like a one-time like special promo for some special offer or something too. You just

send it to all of the people who have already bought something else from you and it just immediately sells out just like that. You got to understand that it's got to be like 80% of the money we make comes from people who have already paid us money for something else. And like 20% of the money we make is from cold traffic, like buying something for the first time. You get what I'm saying?

But when you first start, you don't have people who have already paid you money. So like what I'm getting at is you just need hella different funnels and hella different content pieces CTAing to all the different stuff and you have like one master aggregator which is the email list and then even the email list CTAs to all different offers. Even if you are on my email list, you'll see I do this

thing. It's like at the bottom of every email it says my offers and it'll be like two, three, maybe sometimes four or five things that you can buy from me just at the bottom of the email. There's just so many different traffic sources of just trying to get people to know, like, and trust me, just assets being useful and so many different offers and things for people to buy at all. This is

the scaling strategy of how this work. I go super deep into this on my hyperrowth tactics videos that you see right here. If you click that, there's there's like more long- form videos of me going like really really deep into going over documents and graphs and like breakdowns of exactly how to implement this. But if you want to talk to me live and get your specific questions answered, you should

probably join the get clients challenge right here. I'll leave a QR code for you to scan. And it's also the first link in the description down below u to join the get clients challenge. It's a five live day challenge uh with me and my business partners going over offers, outreach, sales, fulfillment, and funnels. We talk about how you can implement this for your business. So either go to the get

clients challenge or click here. If you got some value from this video, please like, subscribe, leave a comment. I love you. Peace. Thanks for watching. Season.