I made my first $100,000 when I was 24 years old when I opened my first gym location. In this video, I'm going to cover everything I learned from that. And so, first, it's going to be how I started it. Next, my first h 100,000.

And then third, and most importantly for you, the lessons and tactics that I still use to this day that you can use too to help you grow your business. And it felt appropriate to film this video in my current gym uh in the background because this is where kind of it all started for me. So, let's talk about how this even started. The reason this was the riskiest move in my life was that

one, quitting my job was the hardest thing I ever did. Two, it was during a time where like the economy still wasn't like roaring. It was like kind of okay. And I had saved up $50,000 from my job.

Now, I spent 10 to get into the the group for the gym owners. I actually signed up for a gym mastermind and I didn't have a gym, so I had like 40,000 left. And then I spent $34,000 opening up the location. So, I had $6,000 left.

Mind you, the rent was five. And so I had exactly the amount of money like required to have like one month. And so I was like, "Oh my god, what am I going to do?" And so it was by chance that I went to a different seminar that taught about this thing called Facebook ad. And so I ended up running an ad. And here's the craziest thing of all. I actually only found this out years later.

$4,972 in cash collected in the first month. And my rent was $4,972. I only found this out years later when I looked at my processing records and I was like, I'm not I'm not a divine, you know, dude, but wild. Um, and so I basically had no money and all my money was in the gym equipment and I um spent the thousand bucks basically that I had on these ads.

And so when I started this one, I was like, man, this is this is hard. So first big lesson that I learned was when you're poor, barter. All right? And so I had basically no money. And so but I needed stuff. So I needed people who could train. I needed people who could clean. And so I had people come in and be like, I can't afford to do this. And I'd be like, hey, well, you want to

clean the gym and if you clean the gym, I'll let you attend the classes. Because the like someone else attending a class for me wasn't really any cost for me. I mean, my costs were fixed. So anything that I could basically barter for $200 a month or $300 a month of services, I would just I did everything like that. I was like, "Hey, can you fix my computer?

Want personal training?" Like I did that for like I got my first printer and scanner from a guy who had an IT company because he felt bad for me because I was doing everything on paper and he said you shouldn't do this and I just did PT lessons for him so that he would pay for that. And so like I just I barter like crazy. I still barter to this day because guys it's tax efficient. Neither

party has to pay taxes on anything, right? It's the most efficient form of trade. So if you have the opportunity to do it, do it. On top of that, I actually had a client who was a food like a food prep person. And so they would end up uh bringing a refrigerator and I could eat the food uh that they would bring for free for having access to my members. So like I'm saying literally everything. My

laundry I had a different client who did my laundry for me. Like everything that would take any of my time or money I just traded for so that I could spend all my time in the gym just trying to make this thing work. So if you're like, "Okay, well how do I apply this to make?" look at every single line item that you have on your like your expenses, right? Like your credit card

or whatever, your bank account, and anything that I had, I just tried to find somebody who did that thing. And I just was opportunistically looking if somebody came in and they're like, "Oh, I do." Because I would always like, "Ah, what do you do?" And they would tell me, I'd be like, "Oo, I actually need one of that. Want to want to do this?" And this happened a

lot. And I would just keep asking for less and less service until it was the amount of money that was the equivalent of a membership. And then I was like, "Sick, let's do that." my first ads. I got a videographer who came in because it was California, right? And this guy comes in. He's low. He's a small time videographer. And he was like, uh, I can't afford this. And I was like, well,

I can't afford you. So, and so he recorded my f some of my first ads for the gym, which actually ended up crushing. And so, like just you got like bartering is one, but I'll put a second here, which is like be creative. And I think in order to do this, too, is that you just can't have an ego. Now, I was lucky that I was, you know, 23 and, you know, poor and and so like I had no

shame for asking. I was like, "Please, like, help. I like I need it." And so, I think that a lot of I'll just I'll just be honest with you guys. I see a lot of y'all's Instagrams. You know who you are. And a lot of you guys are posturing and pretending like you have something that you don't. And it actually I think it actually does a lot of disservice to you because if you're like, "Hey, I need

help. Hey, I'm trying to build this thing." People will reach out and help. People will be way more willing if you pretend like you're, you know, you've got it all figured out. No one's going to try and help you. And I think at that time is like when like when you're earlier on is when you want all the lessons, you want all the favors you can get. And the way that I could get extra

calories in is that I would actually uh with the food preps up, I would sell clients on food prep and sometimes some of them wouldn't pick up all their meals. It happens. And so I would wait for the food to expire and then as soon as it expired uh we weren't allowed to distribute it anymore. And so I would just take it and I would eat all of the expired. It's fine. I call the people

and if they didn't respond then I would then I would take it and that's that's how I fed myself. Um, and for those of you who have a moral quandry with me, suck it. Next thing, boy was trying to eat. I was growing. All right. Now, number two is that when you're early, you need tactics. All right? Which is why I make a lot of the videos that I do. Actually, to be fair, you need

tactics at all levels, but especially when you're starting out because you're not really thinking in terms of strategy. You're just like, shoot, what fire should I have in front of me? I got to pay bills. Like, let's get this done.

And so, I joined this mastermind of a guy who had a really successful gym, Sandbacktr, and he had a group of, I think, probably like 30 or 40 gym owners who kind of paid him to like kind of learn some of the stuff that he had. So, I showed up to this first mastermind and I'm 20 22 years old at the time and I didn't own a gym, but the most valuable thing that I got is so many mistakes

that I didn't have to make that all of these guys had made when they started their gyms. And so, I just went around the room and I was like, "Hey, so what kind of location were you looking for?" And they were like, "Oh, definitely don't do it in these markets. You definitely want to have this kind of square footage. Try to get a layout that only has this much office and this much

uh warehouse." I was like, and they're like, "Oh, yeah, parking. Make sure you have and so all of these things." And I was like, "Okay, I'm going to buy this equipment." They're like, "Oh, no. Don't buy that equipment. that stuff spreads really fast buy from this brand and I've got a guy I'll hook you up with him and like within the first conversation I was like oh my god I saved the entire cost

of what I paid in the first day and basically that was such a reinforcing experience for me that whenever I enter anything I always just pay if I can to just get access to people who are already doing it and they can just tell me all the mistakes that I can avoid up front and this is why I invested in school like I think communities are the future anyways they also told me so on

top of that what I would do is on my weekends when I had time which was basically never but when I did have time, I would make weekend trips to the other gym owners in the community. And so then I would just basically shadow them and pester them like a leech and I would just go there and I would just ask as many questions I could. I'd be like, "Why do you do that?" And then when they

sign up, what do you do? Where do you put the contract? I asked a hundred questions. But the thing is is all these guys are older than me and they like kind of felt bad and they were like, "Hey, this is what I do. This is what I do. This what I do." And I just took every note I possibly could. And so I think the meta lesson for me was that the thing that has carried me and to

this day has just been the intention to keep learning. And I think that life like for me the meaning of life is learning is to change behavior. based on the conditions. And so I hope that I live the end of my life differently than I do now. Hopefully I'll have learned.

And so um I went to those gyms. I asked tons of questions and all of those little things that I learned I would try. And not all of them worked obviously. But some of them did. And so I just tossed out the stuff that didn't work. I wasn't like screw that guy for trying to help me for free. Uh cuz he gave me a tack that didn't work. I was like, "Well, he gave me another one that

did so works for me." And so I'll give you this little thing which is that when you're starting out, it's actually one of the only times that people are willing to help you. And so take advantage of that. Like this is a strategic advantage that you have when you're starting out is that people are willing to help especially other entrepreneurs. It's like fairly common.

Like most entrepreneurs are willing to help people one or two steps behind them. Now this was a big mistake that I made which is number three which after I learned this I I forever change how I do every business. All right, which is that pre-sales. So I thought that the way that I should make money because I was like I don't have any money. I need to start this gym as fast as possible in

order to make money. Completely wrong. we need to start doing is marketing and selling as fast as possible and then delay delivering as long as possible. Because every location I opened after my first after having learned this lesson, I was like, "Oh, we're going to pre-sell for three months and we're just going to keep marketing, keep selling, keep collecting cash, keep getting members,

keep getting members, keep getting memberships, right? And then only like basically as long as possible because that's when all your costs start. So, it's like just market and sell. Get people to prepay for, you know, three months, six months, a year, right? get people into me in in a trial memberships that kick in later like whatever you need to do in the beginning to just

start kind of with a bang. And so if you're brickandmortar more than anything, obviously every kind of business would benefit from a grand opening strategy, but if you're brickandmortar, grand opening strategy is is one of the core ways you scale.

Like you cannot scale without having a killer grand opening strategy. Look at every every brickandmortar retail, food, gyms, like you know, massage, it doesn't matter. They have a a crazy grand opening strategy. Otherwise, like it takes so it takes way too long to get your money back, right? You have to be able to get be profitable as soon as humanly possible. And so, what I did

with pre-sales as I got more sophisticated is that if I instead of being like, "Oh, I think I want to open up a location in, you know, La Habra, what I would do is I would run ads." So, I'd spend like $500 or $1,000 in five or 10 markets and I would see where I got the lowest lead costs. And so, as soon as I saw that, I was like, "Oh, well, some people are like, "Oh man, it's such

like, dude, that guy's market is so easy compared to mine." And I'm going to be real with you, some markets are easier than others. Like there are better and worse markets absolutely for any type of service. But guess how you can pay down that risk. So instead of signing a lease, doing a buildout, and then beginning to market to figure out whether it's a good a good location or

not, do it first. Worst case scenario, you spend the $5,000 or $10,000 in ads across 10 locations, and you pick a perfect spot, a one out of 10 spot rather than a who knows what location.

So, instead of rolling the dice, pay $10,000 for pre-sale insurance of checking. And it's like, okay, if you're wondering, well, what do you do when uh when when when people opt in and then you don't have a location, do what 99% of business owners do anyways. Ignore the leads, right? That's what everyone else does. So, like, don't worry about it. Like, you'll be okay. They'll just

keep living their lives. And you paid at Google and Google got their benefit and everybody's happy, right? But you get to avoid signing a five-year lease and a for 500 grand or whatever it is that you're signing for a bad spot. And I want to be really clear. Don't I can't believe I have to say this. Don't sell that you're not going to deliver. If for whatever reason you think you're not

going to open up a location for for sake, don't take money and not deliver. Like a really great way to just have people hate you. So don't do that and get in trouble. Don't do that. So the next big lesson I have was variation in ads. All right. So I'm going to explain this. This skill ended up benefiting me for the rest of my life. And so when most marketers advertise on a national

level, they get really lazy because they're used to running an ad and having an ad work for a month, two months, three months. Sometimes like YouTube ads are run for six months. I wasn't that guy at all. I had to make new ads like every week because my mole market is so small, right? And so in the in $100 million offers, the last chapter, I talk about the magic headline formula. And so

basically what I what I figured out was that I can't I don't want to change my service, right? I don't I don't want to start like offering back massages or something at my gym like that. I don't you don't want to change your core thing, but what I want to do is change the wrapping paper. So it's the same present. I just present it differently.

And so that's how I got, you know, that's how I figured out, oh, okay. Lean by Halloween, Slim for Santa, Big Booty Boot Camp, 42-day detox, 42-day fix, 42-day transformation, six week transformation, six week challenge.

Like, I learned how to permutate my promotional headlines because I had to. And then later on, once I went to a national level, I was willing and able to make so much more variation in my ads and my copy and my lead magnets than my competitors because all of them were spoiled in this world where they only have to make a couple ads a month. I was like, I'm used to making 20 or 30 a

week. And so, this is where I actually learned both the volume of creative and the variation and it's really just slight variation in the naming conventions uh of the promotions that I'm running. All right? And so, it might you want to make it look like a different offer, but you're still I mean, what's it going to be? It's still going to be you're going to work out a

couple times a week, you're going to eat differently, you have a trainer, like the core deliverable is the same. It's not going to change, but you just change the way it looks to change the way it feels. And that's what keeps it new in a market. Yeah. And what's changed between when I learned this lesson and today is that the creative itself is part of the targeting now. And so who you have in

the ads like like attracts like. And so if you want more girls, have more girls in the ads. You want more guys, have more guys in the ads. Want big jack guys, have more big jack guys. If like and so this is something that is more new now than then because then the targeting was much more uh basic. U but big picture, if you're local, you don't need to worry too much about this

because you're just going to drop a pen and say everybody in this local area. But as you go national, that's where it becomes a little bit more important. Hey, and real quick, I spent 200 hours this year just making this one project for you, which is the $100 million scaling roadmap. And I broke up the stages of business into 10 stages. And you can identify where you're at by

simply just putting in your business information. You go to acquisition.comromadap and it'll spit out this custom report that tells you what the constraints are at that current level and what you need to do to graduate and get to the next level. This is our gift to you absolutely free on the thank you page. You can book a call with our team and we'd love to help you

uh figure that out and ideally get past it. So this is how it was generating leads. But then what was the actual offer that really like made or broke the business, right? And so this is where I learned the sixe challenge offer. And the six week challenge offer is a win-your offer. And there was also an unconditional money back guarantee that I paired with this. So it just made it

an absolute hurricane of an offer. And if you're curious about guarantees, I have a chapter on guarantees in general, the guarantee formula, which is just if you don't achieve X by Y time, I will Z, which is what's the consideration. So you have some sort of thing, you're promising, there's some sort of timeline, you're promising it on some terms. And then you have what you'll

give in consideration. And so one of the big mistakes people make when they're doing any kind of guarantee offer is that they say, I guarantee this. Yeah, but you have to say the or what, right?

The or else. And it's the or what that gives the guarantee power. just the word guarantee is not going to do nearly as much as the stakes you're putting on the line. Now, inside of the book, I actually have 11 of my favorite guarantees that have I have used and work. And so, you can you can check those out. But the two guarantees that I use most frequently were a service-based

guarantee and an unconditional guarantee. All right? So, let me explain what those are. So, a service-based guarantee is, hey, I'm going to help you achieve X by Y, but if you don't, I'll continue to work with you until you do.

Now this matters more importantly when there's actual cost associated with delivery. If you're like I will you know you're you're a digital person it's like yeah you get access to this course for 6 weeks and if you don't hit the goal you keep getting access for another six weeks. It's like access is not that valuable of like I didn't hit it but we were actually training people and so for

me that was like real stakes on the line and it was very compelling. The second guarantee that I offered was an unconditional guarantee, which is that during the six weeks, if at any point you feel like you haven't gotten $500 of value from us, independent of your results, I'll give you the money back. I says, "That means that five weeks, 6 days, and 23 hours from now, if you

don't think that we gave you the value, I'll give you the money back." And I'm telling you, like that closed so many sales for me. And because we really obsessed on delivery, my team knowing that that guarantee exists forced them to just level up and be like, "We just have to bring it every day." And I want to tell you the actual number, which is over the years of doing it, I had two

people who asked me for the money back on the unconditional. Now, there were people who obviously hit the goal of losing 20 pounds in the six weeks, and they won it, which is fine. And that's kind of that was the that was the deal, right? Which if you aren't familiar with the offer, it was uh lose 20 pounds in 6 weeks. Obviously, this were for people who were over a certain BMI. If they

were below the BMI, we would just say 10% of your body weight. So if it was like 140 pound uh you know person and they're like a little overweight, they lose 14 pounds in six weeks. That's like two pounds a week or two two and change.

And mind you like I knew that people people were like ah in the comments like oh my god that's unhealthy. People gamed it. I know that. So when they came to weighin day they were they had six pounds of water and you know bricks in their pockets. Like I I knew people were gaming it right. It's like to be clear.

And at the end they're like dehydrated like raisin, you know, they're naked on there just like you know covering covering themselves to like get underweight. So like the weight like I knew there was a five or six pound give on both sides that were happening, right? But we had almost 80% of people were hitting the goal at the time and so it was very compelling and the reality

is that most people who work out for six weeks straight want to keep working out and so that's why the offer worked. It got people really motivated in the short term but then it was like hey listen Cindy, you've lost 14 pounds. That's amazing. You told me your goal is 50 though. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's going to take longer than that, right? Yeah, I know it's going to take longer than

that. Cool. Then let's just get you going for a year and actually get you there for good, right? So, it's very easy transition even though people came in for a defined in program on the front end. Now, the beauty of this particular offer was that compared to the rest of the industry, everyone else was giving free trials, free months, or low barrier offers like $21 for 20 days, things like

that. And so when they were trying to market against me, I was making $500 in the in the first transaction. And then 48 hours later, I was selling another $200, $300 of supplements. I had so much more cash up front. I could wildly outspend them. For them, they have $21.

Okay, basically nothing. And then they have to wait 3 weeks to convert into a normal membership price of 99, $1.99 a month. And it would take them three months to just get what I got in the first transaction. And because of that, I was able to massively outspend them.

And so by doing that play, I was able to dominate markets. And the beauty of the guarantee, the way I had it structured was one, obviously there was a goal and if they won their money back by hitting the goal, they had it. It was straight up they have they have the money back.

Um sometimes some like later on we started doing it as credit saying, "Hey, this is credit, so we'll credit it back to what any other services. You just have to disclaim in the advertising, all that stuff. Obey the laws of your area, whatever." Now, beyond that, what it enabled me to do is do something that is one of my favorite closes ever, which is the best case, worst case close. And so

I'd be like, "Hey Cindy, let's just zoom out for a second." Best case scenario, you change your life forever. You finally get in shape. You find a community of people and you actually stick with this for life. That's best case. Worst case scenario, you work out for 6 weeks basically for free. You tell me I suck and I give you your money back. You have nothing to lose except

the only thing that is more guaranteed than that is that if you leave, you're definitely not going to get to where you want to go. So what do you want to do? Like it was a risk-free move. And that closed a lot. So, all of this stuff is what helped me get to $100,000, multiple $100,000 in revenue the first year. Now, I also had a decent amount of profit that was left over. But the thing is is

that I didn't take that money out of the business. I left the cash in the business and then when I opened my second location, I took that cash in my first location and basically spent it all on the second, right? It cost me 250 grand for the second location, which was a big mistake. I way over spent because my ego was tied to it. But the thing is is that it it took years before I

actually ended up act taking money out of the business and putting it in my personal bank account. The richest I've ever felt, which I talk about in the last story of this book, um was when I put $100,000 into my bank account, um from the launch business. And so I kept doubling down on new location, new location, new location, new location.

And so I felt like I was living on like a razor's edge because like I basically had I was really asset rich and cash poor. I just had all these locations, all this equipment, all this payroll due every month. And so there was cash in all the bank accounts of the businesses, but like nothing in mind. And I think if I could do it over again, I would have said, "Dude, like what's the rush? Like

why are you rushing? Like take money out. Like get yourself set up so you can breathe." And so I think that I was running on such high like stress at all times that it it dramatically impacted my ability to make good decisions because like there is no finish line.

There's no like there's no award I get. Like it like it's not like there's a network effect in gyms. Like you just have to keep executing really well for a very long period of time and then eventually you can build something that has hundreds and thousands of locations, but like you still have to run a really good business. And I just had this artificial sense of rush because I was

trying to prove myself to everyone in my head that didn't even care about me anyways. Now the interesting thing with this whole challenge thing is that it took me a while to get good at it. So the first challenge I ever ran only 15% of people lost the weight. And what's interesting is that between then and you know a year later, multiple years later, like we were almost 80%. But like

fundamentally we still had more or less the same workouts and the meal plans that I provided in terms of the calorie restrictions etc were basically the same thing. And so I was like what was the difference? And so the difference was I actually learned how to operate a business. Number two is I really leaned on to accountability, which is like make reminding people to show up to the gym,

reminding people to follow their meal plans, telling people they have to weigh in on a regular basis, making sure they're documenting that publicly. Like I started doing all these little things, right? There was no one thing that made it just like every time we just got better and better and better. So even though the stakes were there with the money, that actually was enough to

motivate some people, but the reality is that like I should have just made it easier. So I like took the meal plans and I made them colorcoded and I made them uh they didn't have to weigh anything. They didn't have to count calories. Like I learned a lot of things that made it more accessible to people who were just getting started because I was starting as I was starting with

beginners but I was an advanced, you know, fitness person at the time. I had multiple state records. Like I was like I was hardcore in it but like the people I was serving were not me and it took me a minute to learn that. And I'll tell you how I figured this out. So I remember freaking out uh near the end of the very first challenge I ever ran. I called my dad up. He's a physician. And

I was like I think I'm crashing people's hormones and metabolism. Maybe I'm I'm restricting their calories too much. that's why they're they're not losing weight. And any experienced doctor will tell you, he's like, "Oh, they're just not adhering." And I was like, "No, it's obviously not that. It's obviously like some sort of scientific thing." And obviously, he was right. It was just no

one was no one was following it, right? And so, um, one of the things that I learned, and this is good for anybody who has clients who have to do anything to get a result. So, it doesn't matter what you sell, but if you have a service where a customer has to take action in order to see an outcome, what I learned was asking specific questions. So, when I would ask people, hey, did you follow

everything? In the beginning, they were all like, "Oh, yeah. Follow everything to the tea, 100%." And then I could literally follow that up with, "Okay, so how many days out of seven did you eat all three meals exactly to plan with nothing else?" And they'd be like, "Oh, I mean, at least three days a week." And I'd be like, "You just said that you followed it 100%." And then the next

question was, "How many days out of seven did you eat all three and nothing else?" They were like, "Oh, yeah, only three." Right? And so I got more specific about it like how many times did you have three and two shakes or whatever and they would be like oh that's what I had. Now if anybody who's like listening to this is like ah fitness stuff. Point being is that ask

specific questions and you'll get much more specific answers. Now the sixth thing that kind of got me to that $100,000 plus was sell the vacation not the plane flight. So I want to give you a visual on this because I think it's really important like this when I understood how this worked for sales it really changed I mean how much money I made. So, what happens is, let's say

somebody's here, right? They're sad because they're like, "Ah, I'm sad and my eyes are really weird. I look like a cyclops." Uh, right. I'd be sad if I look like that. Right? And they want to get over here, right? They want to be happy version of them who's got eyes that are evenly spaced and has a smiley face. Now, there's going to be some process of getting them here. Right?

Now, what happens is most salespeople will talk about all of the steps of getting here, right? That's what they're going to talk about. And the thing is is that that's like telling somebody, "Hey, I want you to go on this vacation." And so, what's going to be required is you're going to have to wake up at the crack of dawn. You're going to have to pack your stuff the night before. You're

going to have to be stressed out to wait in line. You have to pull your ID out. They're going to weigh it. You might have to pay an extra bill, right? And then once you get uh to the plane, they're going to make you sit for another hour. And then you're going to get called up like cattle and put into the and put into the the compartment of the plane and you're going to have

somebody sneezing and coughing next to you. Of course, there's going to be a baby on the plane. They're going to be crying the whole time. The food's going to be terrible and you might get jetlagged. There's going to be a delay for sure. And by the way, did I mention the layover? Yeah, you're going to have to do it all again another time in order to get your final location. Now, once

you get there, you're actually not going to be there. You're have to get You get the point here, right? Painful. That's what most people's sales sound like. But instead, if I just said, "Hey, you're here." You want to be in Maui. Let me tell you about Maui. And let me tell you how it's not like Baltimore. So Baltimore, it's like it's it's it's raining here, right? Oh,

that's rain. That's like a looks like an octopus or jellyfish. Anyways, that's rain. All right. So, it's raining here, right? Like rain. You got your little umbrella. Very sad, right? It's terrible here. What we want to talk about is the pain of their current situation. pain increases their their desire to change.

So think about it this way. You want to sell at the point of greatest deprivation. So that's why like when someone's in pain is when they want to go to a doctor, right? You want to solve that. And so we want to remind them of the pain. So you want to talk about them where they're currently at, all the problems that exist. Then we say, "Cool.

Well, let me tell you about Maui. Maui's got beautiful clear water. It's got white white sand, very fine. It's almost like powder when you're stepping into it. You're going to have poolside service and oceanside service depending on what you want. And you're going to have a cabana boy who's got little drinks with the little umbrellas in it.

And you're going to be sipping there having a time your life creating memories that you will have for until you die. And the thing is is that this vacation isn't just going to pay dividends when you're there. You're going to enjoy it, but you're going to enjoy it two other times. Every day leading up to it, you're going to be looking forward to it. It's going to

make every day better. And then afterwards, you're gonna be able to look back at those pictures and reexperience it. And so, it's not even about the vacation. It's about something that you're going to be able to use and think about for the rest of your life. Right?

Notice what I didn't talk about. The plane flight, the TSA, the guy, the baby, you know, smoking cigarettes next to you. I don't know what this baby's doing, but he's doing something crazy.

And so, the point is is that you want to focus on the pain of their current and then what the experience of the result will be like. And then them signing up is the process of getting there. Now, this part's key. Number seven was the role of bonuses and discounts. Okay.

Now, in the beginning, and I think I learned this really early on, and so I've never been a discounter, when it comes to my core product. Now, very different than saying like, I'm going to peel a piece off. It's going to be a lead magnet. That's a different situation. But if someone wants me to discount my core service, the answer is always no, because we don't negotiate

with price terrorists. So, what do you do instead? So, I'll give you two different things that have worked really well for me. So, number one is that if somebody asks for a discount, what I would prefer to do is just add a bonus.

If somebody asks for a discount, the first answer I usually say is, "Well, I could do it for more." Right? And a lot of times that gets people to buy. Now, if they still don't want to buy, they say, "Okay, how about this?" Because maybe they're like, "I literally can't." Like, "Okay, can you refer me three friends? If you refer me three friends, I'll give you that discount, which is

different because it changes the term." So, if someone else finds out, hey, you gave Susie sign up for $400 and you made me sign up for 500. I'm like, "Oh, dude, bring three friends. I'll give you the $100 bucks right now." And they're like, "Oh, she didn't say that." I'm like, "Yeah, I changed the terms, right?" And so you can use discounts as bartering tools to have them advertise for you. So

like I'll give you 100 bucks off if you also make reviews on all these platforms or do other things. So basically any kind of discount I'll have my terms will change to all the advertising they will allow me to do which is worth more to me than whatever the discount is. Now if somebody presents with a specific obstacle and I'll give you the actual story. So the first time I realized this

there was this lady business professional had the money. She was like the money's not a problem. I was like okay. She said the issue is I travel a lot for work. And she's like, "So, how am I going to be able to stick with a plan when I'm not here?" And she was like, "Do you have a travel meal plan?" And I was like, "Well, I don't." And she's like, "Well, that's kind of a kind

of a dealbreaker for me." And I was like, "Okay, what if I made you a travel meal plan so that every time you travel, you know how to order at the restaurant uh so you can eat out and actually like, you know, keep with this when you're gone?" And she was like, "Oh, if you can do that for me, I'm in." And so I made that thing for that one lady. And then for every other person after that, when

they'd come in and say, "Hey, uh, what happens if I travel or I have to go somewhere for work or I have this vacation in the middle? What do I do?" I'd be like, "Oh, I'll give you the travel plan." And then boom, the obstacle is done. And so what happened is I started collecting kind of all of these obstacles that people would present with for the reasons that they

wouldn't buy. And then I ended up making things. So I made a budget guide meal plan. So it's like, I can afford the thing, but I can't afford the food. I'm like, "Oh, what are you spending on food right now?" Cool. this budget groceries is cost less than 40 bucks a week and you'll be able to to stick to the calories and lose the weight. They're like, "Oh, that's amazing. I might even

save money on this plan." And they're like, "What if I'm on the go?" I'm like, "Oh, I've got the shakes guide." "Oh, what if I uh like what if I don't know what to eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner?" "Okay, well, not only will you follow the plan, I'll actually give you specific breakfast, lunches, and dinners that you can make with zero prep." Oh, what about working out when I'm away?

Oh, that's why I have my while you're away workout guide, right? What about if I can't make it in the gym because of time constraints? Can I work out at home? Yep. I had my at home workout guide. And so basically every single thing that people would present with, I would take the one-time effort of making a beautiful solution for them and they were like, "Wow, you went above and

beyond." But then I took that templated solution and I stuck it in my stack so that when somebody would talk to me and they'd bring up an obstacle, be like, "Oh, don't worry. Something like this.

Would that help?" And they're like, "Oh my god, that'd be amazing." And so I wouldn't in a one-on-one selling situation, different than group sales. I would have my big stack of bonuses in my back pocket so that if they presented with it, I would just match their objection with the bonus that would overcome it. So, this was a this was a pretty terrible thing in terms of

lessons, which was uh overspending. So, what made my first location kind of like so successful was that I was there and I, you know, went above and beyond for customers and I tried to, you know, make everyone happy. And people could tell that I wasn't like rolling in money, you know, like, you know, I had uh I had these sandbags that like there's nice sandbags you can buy that are like

fitness sandbags. I went to Home Depot and just bought sandbags and then just tape them with duct tape and people just like would carry these like babies around of of of sand, right? And um so when my second location happened, I saved all this money up and I put $250,000 in the second location. So like I spent what is this eight times or whatever is more on my second location

than my first location. And here's the crazy part. It made the same amount of money as my first location. And so like it was way worse returns on capital than my first one. And the thing is is that I didn't actually understand what made my product good, what made people actually like my stuff. And so people weren't coming to the gym for fancy top tier equipment. They weren't coming for

granite countertops and a glass wall, which is what I did. My glass wall at my second location was almost the same price as my entire first location. What they were coming for was the accountability and the quality of the training, quality of the experience, the people they liked. And so that's when it I mean it took me $250,000 to learn this lesson. Um, which is that I had to

understand like what's the job to be done? What's the job that I'm actually accomplishing for the customer, right? Or for like what does my product or service deliver? And so for us it was community and accountability. Like people are very lonely. People want to feel like they belong and obviously they want to do things that are good for themselves. But what I realized over

time is that the people who stuck with it, a lot of them didn't like dramatically change after they've done their weight loss challenges, but they kept coming back again and again and they just liked it because they wanted to look good, feel good. They just wanted to just like feel good, see their friends, listen to some music, you know, get a little sweat on, and then they'd

go have their margarita Tuesdays or whatever. And I used to get really upset about that, but I was like, but it was because I didn't understand what we were actually doing. what we're really doing was providing a place for people to like get away from home and get away from work. It was like that third spot. I think Starbucks talks about that like what's that third location like for us

the gym was that I think the only way you can really discover this is by actually talking to your customers and just asking them and say like what what need does this for fulfill for you? Like what problem does this solve? Like where does this fit in your life? And I think listening qualitatively to the feedback, you'd find out like and the key when you're asking these things is you don't

want to lead them on. You don't want to say like are we the third location for between your house and your, you know, like your job. Are we that thing that fills your community hole up? It's like no, that's not what you're asking.

You're just saying, you want to keep it super open because you want them to tell you. And what that has helped me with is where I allocate my time in terms of reinvestment in the service or product to make it better because it's not better in my eyes, it has to be better in their eyes. Cuz I spent way too long obsessing over like the periodization of the training and like and I completely

disregarded the music but like the music mattered more to people than like the training like in terms of the actual workouts. Now the quality of the trainer different but like how many reps and sets they were doing, how much volume they were doing. Like they didn't care at all. I mean shoot half the time they'd skip a workout or two. So like the periodization was irrelevant, right?

But I was so obsessed with that cuz I was into it. Yeah. And I think I think the vast majority of business owners spend a huge amount of time solving problems that aren't problems. And so it's like you completely and excellently solve something that only you think is a problem. And so that's where like this tremendous waste of resources happens.

Now let me tell you the next big lesson I had, which was proof. So, what I did was, and I recommend this to every brick-and-mortar business owner, is if you have a sales area or a sales room, these are examples that I have of before and after pictures. Obviously, you need permissions and all that stuff from people. Make sure you're following the law, but just showing overwhelming

social proof. And so, right now, if you have Yelp or you have Google or whatever, there's going to be all these five stars you've gotten. People have left you reviews. Well, what a waste for them to only live there. So, screenshot them. Go to the dollar store. buy $1 frames and then frame them all. And so when somebody's in your sales office, if all they see around you is before and

after pictures of people saying you're great, it's hard for them to be like, well, is this place legit? You're like, I mean, yeah. And then I ask, and this is the question, I this is the question I would ask. I'd say, well, how much proof would you need to see in order to believe? And then the followup question is, and if they like didn't, you know, be like, and is that reasonable? Because

you tell me when. Is it that one? Like one, two, three, just tell me when. Five, six, seven, eight. Just tell me when it's good. Nine, 10. They'll be like, "No, stop. I get it." I'm like, "Right." So, like, at some point, it probably isn't about that. It's about something you're afraid of. So, what are you afraid of? Right now, I'm back in the sale and I'm actually dealing with

the real thing, the reason behind the reason, not the easy one that's a smoke screen that they're just putting out to not buy. Mostly because, let's be real, someone at least for a gym, they're scared. They're afraid they're going to get made fun of. They're afraid they're going to slip. They're afraid they look stupid, right? That's the big fears that people I didn't even realize this when I

It took me a long time to realize that like these are actual fears for people. And it was weird for me because I love the gym. So I'm like, everyone should love the gym. But it wasn't like that at all. Yeah. And so I I made a whole video about this like required viewing for business owners. You can go check it out. And inside the video, I basically talk about a flywheel that every

business has to have. And I real I learned it with this business, which is that you're going to get customers in the door, step one. You're going to get those customers results, step two. And then step three, you need to use those results to get you more customers. And so that's the flywheel that every business needs to build. And so you have moments in your customer experience or

your product experience where customers are going to get these wow moments, right? Or ideally, right? And you want to be there at those moments to capture their reactions so that you can feed that into your marketing machine, right?

And so there's there's the milestones along the way and then obviously the end goal. And so for us, obviously with challenges, we it was easy to be like way in, we out, big moment, awesome picture, video, was this great? Yeah.

Leave us a review, fantastic. And so trying to engineer that into your customer experience primo way to get more customers and enhance your sales. I'm going to finish that by saying proof system and displaying. So it's both both collection and displaying of the proof.

Now the next one uh was partners. Now man, it's taken me a very long time to learn learn my lessons with partners. All right. So I have this really nice acronym uh for partners I'm going to share with you. So if you want a partner to join your team, they should they should accomplish one of the team acronyms, which is mean either they have time that you don't have, they've got

expertise that you don't have, they've got assets that you don't have, or they've got money that you don't have. So assets would be like they've got a brand, they've got a following, they've got an audience, they might have a machine. I mean, whatever. They have something. They have a distribution base of of customers, they have a network of affiliates, whatever. They have

something that you don't have. They have expertise. They have a skill that you don't have. You can't do this without having the skill. They can work and you're predisposed or they've got money and you need it, right? But fundamentally, every single partnership should have one or more of these things that they're bringing to the table that's complimentary. If the worst

business partnerships in the world is when two people have the same expertise get into business together because they're friends. It's like the recipe for bad partnership. Two lessons on partnerships beyond the team framework.

Number one is that if one of you is the working partner and somebody else is the outside partner who's maybe funding it, you need to figure out if you're going to have some sort of salary to live on.

This was a mistake that I made and I basically lived without taking a salary from the business cuz I brought in partners and they weren't taking a salary, but I was the one working in the business and they weren't. And so I basically lived without taking an income for two years. And so the reason that I'm so sensitive to cheapness and personal finance is because like what I

made in the first five or six months of me being in business is what I lived on for the next two years. And so I lived on like $30,000 a year or less. And that's why I was so sensitive to it. The idea is make sure that you have some reasonable compensation if you're going to be the manager of the business because long-term you need somebody else who's going to be the manager in

yourstead. So that's a cost that the business is going to have to incur regardless and you're doing a job in addition to being the owner. So that's like there's you want to make sure that that's clear. Are you doing a job in the business different than the owner?

That's only going to be in the situations when somebody's funding your thing. All right, point one. The second point is that the equity that you give away in the beginning is the most expensive. And so to the degree that you possibly can, hold out on giving equity away early. Now, if you have to bring people in and you absolutely need them, then sure, that's that's part of the

game. But I it's just like it's so often that someone's like, "Cool, here's the pie. There's two of us. Boom. Here's half." Right? You don't always have to split things evenly between the number of people. There's different value of skills. There's different value of experience. There's knowledge set. So like you can bring two people in and each of them can have 5% and then you

have 90. Like the the the slices of the pie don't necessarily need to be the same. And a big variable they have there is are they taking a paycheck or not, right? And so it's a lot of this has to come down to one big word, risk. Who's taking on the most risk? And so typically that is how the pie is sliced.

So number 11 was owners. You're like, how is that different than partners? Let me explain. So every brickandmortar, now I' have a lot of experience with this now, but every brickandmortar business that I know that's been scaled privately, not franchised, which actually still follows the same law, but that scales privately with one or, you know, a couple owners that own

everything. is that they figure out that every brickandmortar location typically needs to do a profit share. They need to have somebody that they have they have they have a what feels like a stake in the location. So if you look at like Chick-fil-A for example, they have their location operators and those operators have a percentage of the profit from each location. Now they're not the

majority owners. They don't have controlling, but they can run the day-to-day operations. And so basically every brickandmortar business that I have seen scale has this thing. Now some people ask the question, well how much do you give in profit share? I'll tell you how I come to it. I think how much would someone need to make that has the level of skill required to thrive in

this position? And so let's say that I I think that the skills that are required here would require five years of experience and $150,000 a year. Okay. So I'm going to say the ontarget earnings OT all right is 150k. Okay. So, what I'd probably do is say, "All right, well, what does my average location make?" And let's say my average location makes $250,000 in profit. All right. Well, I

don't want to give $250,000 in profit straight to the That doesn't make any sense for you as an owner, right? So, then what do I do? So, I would probably do something like this. You get 75K as a base. So, 50%. And the other 50% which would be $75,000 would mean that you would get let's say 10 whatever 12.5%. I don't know what the math is here. 12.5% of the profit from the location. Now, if

a location does really well and does $350,000, then all of a sudden this 12.5% is even more. So, now they're at 185 or whatever. Now, if they underperform and let's say they're at 100K, well, then they would only get an extra 12.5K, right? And so, then they'd only make whatever that is, $87,000. And so this still keeps them very invested as an operator for the location and

feeling the topline and bottom line impacts of what it costs to run the business. And I want this person to be like I want their picture on the wall and be like this is John's location, right? And this is where I love this from a long-term perspective because this can become a very easy career path for people. So people who are kind of low like if you have a business that

requires low or medium level skill, somebody can come in do an amazing job and they're like what's my long-term career path here? It's like, well, if you do an awesome job, I'm happy to put you in our newest location that's across town. So, if you want to start that one up, you can start here, but you got to prove yourself over 3 to 5 years, right?

And so, that way, they get to know the business. They get to know how it's operated well, and then you can pull them over. And then, this kind of gives you this organic growth where people have ownership in their futures. And so, this took me a really long time to learn. And this was a mistake that I can now tell you because now having looked at a lot, and we obviously have chains

of locations inside of acquisition.com, you want to have this model. At least in my opinion, that's Alex's two cents. And if you're curious how this math works, I'm going to spell it out really easily for you right now. You have your on target earning of what you think the person would make if they do a normal job. Like you're not going to fire them, they're fine. You then say half of

that's going to be base and the other half would be for medium performance. That gets them to the medium outcome. Now, if they have exceptional performance, whatever that percentage was to equal half of the base or half the extra half of their of the ontarget earnings, then they would get more if it goes up. And if it goes down, then that percentage is going to be less. So

they're going to be below their own target earnings. That's the earnings for the person. So I didn't do this and it was really hard. And if I could do it again, that's what I would have done.

Number 12. This is a big one. Nail it before you scale it. So this goes to the whole rush thing, right? I was in this massive rush to do what? I have no idea. I just everything was like everything has to happen tomorrow. Everything has to happen tomorrow. And I ended up making a ton of mistakes, not getting locations perfectly situated before starting the next one. And so basically

like I'm still selling at location one when I'm starting location two, right? Just not smart, right? It should have been like, okay, how do we get this so that our churn's really low? How do we get it so that's continuing to compound year over year over year? How do we make sure that we're absolute full capacity?

How do we know that like people are selling and marketing on their own without me? Once that occurs and I let it sit for six months and it's still growing straight, then I can maybe start the next one, right? And so if you're like thinking through this, my litmus test for this is that number one, you shouldn't care about your second location before the first one can run

without you. Period. Number two, don't go to a new one until the old one is growing without you for 6 months straight. That's my rule of thumb. Six months straight of growth without you doing it. Now, to be clear, a lot of business owners or small business owners, for local business especially, are like, "Oh, no. This thing runs without me." No, no, no, no, no. I'm not

saying like, "Oh, uh, you don't show up to the gym, therefore it runs without you." There's many things that are required in a business. You're the operator. You don't necessarily train the sessions. You don't necessarily like do the billing, but like you're still required to make decisions and and deal with customers, all that stuff. No, we need somebody else who completely

encapsulates that business. And here's the the deal. This this goes on number uh with number 11. Here's how you have the conversation. So, John, I want you to I want you to be the uh the operator for this location. You're going to have a profit share. Your on target earnings is twice what you're currently making.

And here's the stick. Cool. You've been working here for 5 years. I want to give you that opportunity. Okay. So, here's the deal. You're going to make 10% of the profit of this location on one condition. Get it? Yes. Here's the condition. This doesn't ring. That's the deal. So, let me explain. Let's role play this. A pipe breaks in the middle of a session. It's leaking out of the

ceiling. What do you do? Call a plumber? Right? So, skip the call me part and just call the plumber. Okay. Let's try it again. Let's say someone has a heart attack on the floor. What are you going to do? Not call you. Correct. Now, someone has a heart attack on the floor, I probably would call you. But for the purpose of our illustration, what would you do first? Call 911 because that's

what I'm going to do, right? So, just think one extra step and then do that thing. And you have permission up to $1,000 of cost to not have to call me. All right? And so, you want to make sure though to be clear, you want to give So, this is a good one for for everybody to write down is that you want to pair responsibility with authority. So, when you only have one or the other, it

creates problems. If someone has authority, no responsibility, you have an right? I just tell people what people to do, but they not responsible for anything. It's just people just go sticking their nose in other people's business. On the other hand, this is far more common. Business owners give someone the responsibility but not the authority. They see you're

responsible for all this stuff. And they're like, "Okay, well, I need to do X do XYZ." And they're like, "No, no, no, no. Uh, you can't do that without my permission." It's like, "Well, then they're just handcuffed. They can't do anything, right?" So, you have to give authority that is equal to the responsibility. If you think that 90% of problems can get solved for $500 or

less, then give it to them. If you know that customer escalations, there's a problem with a customer, you say, "Hey, up to 100% of what a customer uh spent with us in the last month, you're able to spend on discretionary for people who are upset. So, if someone spends $100 with us this month, you can spend 100% of their $100 to make them happy and not have a bad experience, right? if

they're, you know, and this is where like somebody has a new kid, someone's parent died, someone's car breaks down, whatever it is, like that going that extra mile and using this kind of discretionary fund is what you want to empower a location owner operator to have so they can actually make decisions about you. And so the nail before you scale it concept works across all

industries. All right? So like if you have a software company, if you're losing customers and turning them out, why would you scale it? Like you don't just like pour more water into a leaky bucket. Why would you do that? If you have an agency and you're, you know, you're like, "Oh, look, we're we're we finally have ads that are converting for us." Yeah, cool. Great. That's step one.

Don't scale them anymore. See why customers are leaving. And if customers are consistently leaving, maybe you're serving the wrong customers. And maybe you shouldn't scale because you're just going to create a churn factory, right?

And the thing is is that the vast majority of businesses are this. They especially small businesses. And this is actually the difference between small businesses, big businesses, is that small businesses become medium-sized businesses typically by just spending a ton more on marketing and sales because they learned how to do it. But they never figured out how to keep customers.

And if you never figure that out when you're small, you're definitely not going to have it when you're when you're rich, when you're big. All right? Because it's easier to fix it when you're small. And there's going to be natural degradation of things as things scale. And so if you can't do when you're small, it's even harder when you're big. And so you want to nail it

first. And then as you scale it, keep fixing it so it stays nailed. Yeah. And a great test for that 6 months walk away period from 0.1 is just take a vacation. Take a one-mon vacation. See what happens. You'll be able to see what breaks. It's actually a great test. So, let me give you let me give you uh my my lesson number 13 I learned from the gyms is unscalable beginnings. So, when I

started my first location, Huntington Beach, I had one PT client who paid me like $4,000 a month. And it's cuz they trained 5 days a week and it was like hour and a half or two hour long sessions. And so, it was 10 hours a week of PT basically guaranteed that I would do with them. And so, it made me a significant amount every month. And I basically just lived on that. Now, is

that part of the model? No. But I did it because that's like what allowed me to be more aggressive with the expansion of the business. I could take take all the cash that come in, buy new equipment, fix things, whatever, you know, hire more people. And so there are some things that you're going to do in the beginning that will not scale with the business. And that's okay. So you just

want to make sure that your nail it portion doesn't include the unscalable parts that I still think you should absolutely consider doing to make the whole process a lot easier on yourself.

And so it's like if you have your core business, fine. If you have five five clients who pay you more personalized attention for stuff so you can like live on that money, part of you is going to be like, "Man, I should just do this." And maybe you should, but if you're trying to build an asset that has value independent of your time, then this is what we're building. So, I just like I

wouldn't. Yes, is it a distraction, but being poor is even bigger distraction. And so, it's really like the lesser of which evil, right? If you're like, "Man, it's just I'm so stressed about payroll and stuff, but like if you have this other cash flow thing, and to be clear, this isn't woman in in the in the red dress. I'm talking like you're not building another business. It's like

you're just straight selling time so that at a higher, you know, a higher ticket for your expertise or something so that you can build this asset. So, I'm okay with that. And that sounds like it's contrary to the woman in the red dress, but we're not building two businesses. You're just accepting very high ticket clients that you can on a one-on-one basis, not building a

separate business, minimizing the time requirement. And so, for me, with my personal training client, I did in the middle of the day. So, I like it it worked out fine for me. I'd finish my morning sessions. I would have a couple hours. I would do two hours uh you know with him and then I'd start my evening session. So I basically just started that as my my evening sessions and

that's just what allowed Alex to eat Chipotle. And if you're like wait I thought you ate the expired food. I did that too but sometimes I wait to it to expire. So I had to eat Choleot in the meantime. All right so this next one's really big especially if you have a team which basically anybody who has a business eventually has a team is that doing is not the same as teaching. So

it's one thing to be able to sell. It's another thing to be able to teach to sell. It's one thing to be able to train, another thing to be able to teach and train. One thing to be able to run ads, another thing to be able to teach people to run ads. And so I had this kind of ego thing where I loved being the most valuable player, right? I love being able to come in and save the day,

put the team on my back, and everyone's like Rocky, Rock, you know, whatever, right? And that was something that handicapped me. And so I wanted to be the best salesperson, but what a terrible thing to want if you want to have a business. And so I had to shift my identity to being I want to be the best sales teacher. I want to be this best marketing teacher. I want to be the

best operations teacher, right? And by doing that, it shifted how I saw what winning looks like. And so before this, it was like, oh, they went two for six today. I could go in and close five out of six. Okay, cool. Well, that means that you suck as a teacher, not that you're great as a sales guy. And so, you have to basically level up your game and think this is the new identity that I

have to be. And this took me this took me a long time to learn. And I'll tell you the first time that this was like very real for me, is that um I went home for for Christmas. Uh this is like the first year of the gym and I was very afraid uh to do that and I had trained uh these girls who had sold tanning before and so I taught them how to sell the challenge and I remember when I was

driving I remember where I was I was driving on the road to to go back to my actual house where I lived when I grew up and I get this phone call and they're like yeah you know the day ended and I was like how'd you do and they were like oh we had uh you know we had we had five people show uh sold two and I was like you sold them though like credit card like it ran like the whole thing. They

were like, "Yeah, one was paid in full, the other was a split pay." And I was like, "Hold on." So today, $750 came in. Like it pro it said successful next to it. And they were like, "Yeah." They were like actively like, "Why is this guy being so weird?" And I ended up pulling the car over and I remember it was like one of the few times that I had like a real big emotional like

experience. Uh one of the few times ever. And I almost got like teared up because it was it was the first moment where I realized like I wasn't the one who was going to have to make every dollar in this business. And it was the first moment where I realized the value of transferring a skill to somebody else because until then I just wanted to be MVP. I just wanted to be the best

trainer, the best sales guy, best whatever. But as soon as I gave it someone else, it was like it was like I tasted freedom. And once I had that, I was like, I'm going to get great at this. And I think a big part of honestly the stuff that you guys see today with YouTube and the books and things like that was because I shifted my perspective from being like it's one

thing to learn. I have to learn it. I have to learn it so that I can teach it rather than I want to learn it so that I can be the best person at I don't think I'm the best at basically anything. If I can be one of the best at teaching the thing, then I can help thousands and millions of people and that's a much higher leverage skill. So the next thing kind of bolts onto that which is lesson

15 for me was simple. All right, simple scales fancy fails. All right, now it's like okay well duh. All right, but let me talk about this within the context of systems and and training. So, a lot of people have these very, very complex sales systems, and I honestly just try and cut more and more things out of the sales stuff that I teach because I want it to be something that someone can

immediately pick up. And so, the whole like closer framework came out of just trying to make this as simple as possible. Clarify why they're here when they come in. Label them with the problem to show that you listen. Ask them. You overview the past experience, their past pain. What have they tried so far? Then sell the vacation. Tell them about our thing. Make the offer. or if

they say no, explain to where their concerns once they buy, then reinforce the decision, tell them they did a good job. That's it. It's all we're doing, right? And so I used to have all these like really complex things that I try like and it became really hard for people to learn. And then I was like, okay, I just need this so that somebody who has no idea how to sell can go

through this thing and then be able to sell afterwards. And I remember when I started launching gyms that the sales training I had in in total was like an hour and 15 minutes, the whole thing.

And what's crazy is that that sales training came from the intention of like people have to watch this and at the end to be able to close. And what's so interesting is that I see like lots of sales trainings that are like sold and things like that on the internet.

They're they're you know they're 100 hours long. But I had a sales training that was like just do this. Don't do anything else. Just do this. And I only had to get them to understand seven steps in this process. And if they could understand the seven steps, they could close. And so I would encourage you to first think what is the absolute minimum required in order to close this out.

What is the absolute minimum required in order to make a great training session, right? And then try and boil it down to the core components rather than make it complicated because the complexity piece again makes you feel important like you're so advanced when in reality like there's probably fewer things that matter than you think. All right, so this is a very kind of technical

advanced thing that I learned from the gyms which is that you want zero cost upsells. Okay, so what does that mean? So I realized early on that people would come into the gym and then I'd sell them service, right? But they also would want other things after that. They would want apparel, they would want apps, they would want food, they would want supplements. Like there's all these

other things, right? And so I realized that it would cost me about 200, well later 200 earlier cost me less, but let's call it $100, $200 to acquire a customer. Okay. The question I then asked myself was, is there something that I can sell them that cost me no time? Because selling service costs me time, right? there's something I could sell that cost me no extra effort that

could recoup that original cost. And the answer was yes. And so if you sell a service, I think one of the easiest things you can do is upsell products that go with the service that you just make your margin on and you can liquidate your ad cost up front. And so for me, I sold supplements. I'd sell $2 $300 supplements to every person and the margin I made on the supplements was

usually enough to cover the cost of all of my advertising every month. So basically, I would just recover all my advertising bill with my supplements so I could spend whatever I wanted to get customers because then all of my service revenue was basically gravy on top. And so the goal that I would like don't think, oh that doesn't work for my business. Ask it differently. Think how

could I make something like this work for my business. So like if I have a yoga studio that's like fine, sell yoga blots, sell mats, sell sell leggings, whatever. Because they're going to want that stuff. There's always going to be a couple other things that someone's going to want when you have a service typically. And if you're like, "Well, I can't immediately think of something."

Fine. Then give yourself more than immediately to think about it because you only have to figure out one or two things and it can change your business forever. Also, pro tip, if you want, you can uh you can sell a guarantee. So guarantees don't have to be free. You can sell a guarantee. So you can sell your normal services. And if for an extra 10% will guarantee this people

will buy a guarantee, and guarantees are basically zero extra cost if they don't take it. And so it's like only one out of 10 people who buys a guarantee ends up uh taking me up on it. It's like, okay, well then 90% of the time it's just profit. Pro tip. And you can also charge more than 10% obviously. 17. I learned the power of what I called internal plays. All right, so internal

plays are basically internal promotions that you run to your existing customers and list. And so one of the things I realized is that customers get bored of things. And so you just need to sell them more stuff. And so I would say, okay, you know, we have our normal gym membership, but we're going to run a big booty boot camp. We're going to run a buns and guns. We're going to run a sex,

you know, break, you know, get your sexy back, whatever, right? And you laugh, but this is this is this is how it was, right? I did an abs and arms program for dudes. And the thing is is it sold it worked great. But here was the best part is that I remember the first time I did this was Big Booty Boot Camp. So Sam, the guy that I that I signed up for, said, "Hey, uh, send these emails." So I

was like, "All right, so cool." So I sent these emails that were about Big Booty Boot Camp. And the emails all of a sudden like came back. People were like, "I'm in. I'm in. I'm in on my on my email." I was like, "Holy cow." And I got 30 people to spend 300 bucks. made $9,000 which was huge for me right at the time. Made $9,000 and the crazy thing is it was a six week program and

it was only it was a 90minute session once a week. So I got six sessions to $300. I was like and so with 30 people I was able to do six sessions and make $9,000 $1,500 a session. Like that was so much more than the amount of money that I was normally making per session.

And so the thing is is that these types of plays are they're just free money. And so what you want to do is I would say have some sort of promotional cadence where like once a quarter, every 12 weeks or so, you run some sort of defined in thing for your customers. And here's the crazy part is that in a business especially like this, like a gym business, the margins historically

are like 12 and a half%. That's the average like micro gym margins. It's not a lot. And the average micro gym does like 30 360,000 a year. So the average gym owner is making like 30 to 40,000 a year. Not a lot take home. And they're working like 80 hours a week. And so you might hear $9,000 and be like, "Oh, well that's nothing." It's like, "Well, 9 time 4 is 36. Do you normally take home

36? Then making another 36 doubles your income. Would you double your income for like a couple emails four times a year? Yeah. So do it right. And so every business has this opportunity is that there's something that you can do a very defined thing. Like there wasn't like Big Booty Boot Camp was one body part, right? And so think about your your business. Whatever you serve, you

probably serve the whole body of someone's business. You serve the whole body of their computer. You serve the whole body of their phone, whatever. And then you say, "Cool. So, I'm just going to peel off one portion of that and then say, "Hey, all my customers, any of you want this one thing like really maxed out and 10% or 20% of the customers will be like, "Yeah, I'm interested in that."

And then boom. And that thing that you end up selling is actually super high margin. Internal plays are almost all profit. You can run them four times a year. Recommend. Yeah, it's it's all it's basically all profit because you already pay the cost requiring the customer. And so, the only cost is the cost of delivery. So for me for the six sessions if I wanted to like you know

charge based on my time right I pay a trainer maybe you know 20 20 back then you know 20 bucks an hour for for 90 minutes I pay $30 times six 180 bucks for n grand 98% margins like what are we talking about like let's do it right like unbelievable and so those opportunities exist you just have to find them yeah if I if I wanted to acquire 30 new customers I would have to

pay $6,000 right and so like here That's why this is free money. And most most services have, if you at least have a decently designed business model, your gross margin should be 80% or more. And so if you're running 80% gross margins and you sell something, you make $10,000. You make eight net. That's a great deal. The problem is just all the other costs the business, but all those

are fixed already. You don't have to pay cost to car customers. You already have your fixed costs covered. So this is just incremental revenue, which tip typically should be high margin for you.

So let me give you a quick one. So here's number 18 is a lot of people and I read this a lot like people have the you know they they write books and they make content and they're like here here's why this thing works. I really try hard and you guys are welcome to call me out on it. I try really hard to not say why things work and I think the reason I do that is because I have no

idea and I don't think anyone else does either. So we make postulates. We create these hypotheses why how these work but we have no split tests. We have no no research right? So instead, I have spent almost no time in my life trying to figure out why things work and just figure out a big bag of things that do work. And I just try to recommend those things. And so on my channel, that's

pretty much all I spend my time. I was like, "This stuff works. I don't know why it works. I just know that it works." So run an internal play a couple times a year. It'll probably make you more money. If you have upsells, try and have them be zero cost, zero work upsells so that you can just make more money up front, right? If you do it simpler, more people do a good job,

right? I like why, I don't know. But when you have fewer steps, it's easier for people to remember. Right? So, next little lesson. This is a big one. It's a little lesson, but it's a big one.

Agency. If you're a small business owner, there are two core things in every business. Acquiring customers and delivering to those customers. Those are the two core elements of a business.

Everything else you can outsource. Now, I'm not saying you should outsource it. I'm just saying it's possible to. But like what is the core business that you actually run? And so, if you have a business, then getting customers is a part of that. And so I think agencies have a use but not as something that you rely on. And so I would recommend learning to acquire customers which is

why I make all the stuff that I do. Right? If you're like how do I acquire customers? I'll show you eight ways how to do it inside of this book. So inside the leads book I show eight different ways to get customers. Warm outreach, cold outreach, posting content, running ads, getting customer referrals, getting affiliates, other business to refer you business, getting agencies, right, to

run stuff for you. But I'll show you how how we do that and the lesson I'm about to share with you. And then employees to do all those things on your behalf. Now, you as a person can only do the core four. You get other people to do these other four things on your behalf. So, how does an agency fit into this? So, an agency usually has a mastery of some sort of platform or method. So, they're

either really good at like email outbound and they set appointments for you or they're really good at making content. They click click clips for you. They're really good at running paid ads on YouTube, really good at running Google ads. They're really good at SEO.

They have some method of getting customers. Okay. My objective with an agency, if I have to do it, is that I want to beg, borrow, and do whatever I need to do in order to get them to teach me how they do it. And I prefer this method because agency owners tend to know how to do this better than people who teach it because they're actually doing it every day. I usually go into

the intention with an agency owner to say, "Hey, here's my intention. I will sign up with you, but I will do it with the intention of learning everything I can from you so I can eventually replace you." And so my actual story around this I tell in the agency chapter in this book, which is that I got on a phone with a bunch of agencies and they were like $3 to $5,000 a month and I could

not afford that for at all. And so I knew how to run ads at the time because I'd learned from that that weekend boot camp that I did at the very beginning of my uh gym, but I needed to I need to get better, right? And so finally, it was like the third or fourth call. I was like, "Hey man, like what would it take?" That's the magic question. What would it take for you to teach me

oneonone? He's like, "I don't sell my time." And I said, "Okay, what would it take? It's America. There's a price." I was like, "Well, you know, would you do it for a million dollars an hour?" And he was like, "Well, yeah." I was like, "Okay, cool. So there's a price. So you will do it. So just give me a price that you think you would do it for." And he said, "Uh, 750 an hour." And he said

that and I was like, "Deal." And so he ended up doing once a week with me for an hour. And he taught me how he would sell my ads. I was like, "This way you don't have to you don't have to include your team. You don't have any more, you know, cost to the business. Like I'll just hop. It's basically just it's just one call a week, man. 750 bucks. That's all." And so he said, "Sure." And so for

the first few weeks, the deal was I'm the only one who touches the computer. So you show me what you're doing, but I'm going to I'm going to do it right. And so I'm going to So you can tell me where I'm messing up if I get stuck.

Once he taught it to me and if I didn't know how like why he was doing something I was like explain your decision-making process and then after the sixth time that I sixth call that I did I like was like I don't need this guy. I did two more calls. I didn't have anything that came up. And so for $6,000 basically the cost of one month of running this agency. I was able to learn the skill

from one of the best agency owners and then I used that skill for like the rest of my advertising career. I learned how to do national ad campaigns. I learned how to do retargeting. And those are the two lessons that I really learned. I didn't know how to do and that's what I learned. And so if you're a small business owner, mastering how to get customers is one of the most important

skills you can have. You can hire an agency, but you do it because you want to learn from them in my opinion. Number 20. So this is a mistake that I made. Dude, this is a crazy mistake. So this is absolute versus relative return. So I remember that I had other gyms in the area started catching on to the challenge, right? It was working really, really well. and they saw that I was

doing well. So then they started running ads and these guys were more, you know, advanced business owners than me. I was 20ome, whatever. And so I remember uh this guy moved into the area and he was running ads and I asked him how much he was spending and he was like ah he's like I think we're spending like 500 a day and I was like 500 a day? Holy. And I'm spending like 50 to 100 a day. And

so this guy comes in and like five to 10xes my spend. I was like oh my god he's going to take all the ad space. And the thing is is that he was willing to and I was like, "Well, what's your return?" He was like, "Ah," he's like, "I don't know. I think we're getting like four to one on it." But that means that he's spending 15 grand and making 60, right? And here I was, you know,

spending 1,500 bucks a month being really excited that I'm getting 10 to one. So I spent 1,500, make 15 grand, I net 135. This guy's spending 15, making 60, netting 45. And I was like, wait a second. So this whole time I was obsessing about like every little incremental dollar I was missing the bigger picture which is like at some point you just need to spend more money.

You just need to do more. And so I was getting I was like oh no oh we went from we went from you know 13 to1 to 10 to1 I got to I got to stop. It's like no man like if I could get two to one on a million dollars and make a million dollars by spending a million to make two. I would rather do that than get 10 to one on 10 grand. And so the the big lesson that I had to learn was that I

was obsessed with my rorowaz and not the absolute amount of money that I was making in profit, right? And so if the rorowaz dropped, I would stop spending money. And so the the big tld on this is just focus on the bottom line of like how much money am I going to make rather than being as obsessed with those. Now this is especially around local markets, right? You want to make you I mean fun

any business you want to maximize the amount of money you're making. Obviously, having big LTV to CAC discrepancies is great, and I'm a big advocate of that, but I don't want to do that to the long-term detriment of the total amount of money that I'm making.

Don't break what works. All right, so I'll tell you a very sad story. So, I had my gym and I had I kind of like tweaked my my my sessions uh a few times from when I started to like try and make them better. And I got to the point where my gym was packed. Like I I had two sessions running at any given time.

I'm at a strength session and a cardio session and it was it was packed to the brim. I had 40 50 people and I only had, you know, 3,500 square ft of actual like gym space. So, it was packed. What's crazy is that because I couldn't fit any more people in, what I decided to do was I decided to cut the session times in half and consolidate it to only one type of session and combine them again. And

what happened next was I churned out like a third of my customer base because they were like, "Why'd you change it? It was so great." And it was because I let the the capacity tail wag the business dog. And so basically what I should have done was say, "Oh, uh, I nailed it. I should open another location." Right?

Now, if I wasn't making enough profit, then I should have fixed my price. If I have huge amount of demand, everybody's showing up and everyone loves it, then I probably had more price flexibility. But basically, what I reasoned with myself was, "Oh, I just need to find a way to fit more people so I can make more money." But it was the wrong I messed it up. Like, if you finally figure out what

actually like what people love, that is the hardest thing to do. And so once they love it, if your business model is profitable, don't mess with it. Just do more. Open up more locations. If people love it and it's not profitable, then fix your pricing. Don't fix the product.

Like if they love it, they love it. That's the hardest part. Pricing is easy to change. Changing what you deliver is super tough. That was one of the hardest lessons that I had to learn. And so the most elusive thing is getting customers who absolutely adore your product and service tell their friends and bring I remember what the energy of the gym was like at that point. And it was a

terrible mistake for me. Ah, number 22. Work your leads. As we get as we get further in the numbers, they're just going to get sillier and sillier. No, work your leads. So, I realized that when I worked the leads, we got like three or four times more sales than if my team worked the leads. And what I realized was the incredible lever that lead nurture had

on the throughput of my advertising, even larger than the throughput of closing. And so like maybe I could close 80% of people walk in the doors, but a good closer would close let's say half.

And so the difference between 50% and 80% is a I don't know what the math is there. Call it a 60 or 70% difference. Okay? But the difference between getting 10% of the leads in the door and 50% of the leads in the door is a 5x difference. And so it made more sense for me to put my leverage on figuring out how to work the leads harder and better and faster than even trying to

obsess about close rates. And so this is something and like this is for you. I'm like I'm going to I'm going to tell you a different story that's from the future. So I was recently talking to a business owner and he was closing 55% of his leads. leads, not shows, not calls, leads 55%. And I was like, "Dude, how you doing that?" He was like, "Oh, I pay one girl full-time. She has no other job

but to call leads the moment they come in." And I want to give you an idea of of scale here. He gets about two to three leads a day. That's his business. Two to three leads a day. That's all he gets. And he pays a girl full-time. And the only job description is be available. That's it. So 247 whenever a lead comes in, you stop what you're doing. You call the lead. That's it.

That's the only job she had. But and think about how crazy it is because as a business owner, you're like, well, I should give them something else. Well, think about this. Most people in his position close 10% of their leads. And we've all heard the statistic that if you call a lead within 60 seconds, you have a 391% increase in sales. Okay, 391%. Let me translate that into X's.

That's a 4x. It's a 4.9x for business. Almost a 5x. If you have something that could 5x the amount of sales that you're getting from the leads that you're working right now, is there something right now that you could do that's more valuable than that? Probably not. And so the question is or the interesting thing is is that the cost of actually achieving that is the cost of one maniac

that you have to pay to stop whatever they're doing to call the leads. That's it. And so think about what the difference of a 2x 3x 4x 5x in revenue would be for your business in terms of efficiency on the leads that you're currently getting. And then if that number is larger than what he would pay one maniac to call the leads, find the maniac and pay them. And so I figured

out way too late that lead nurturer oftentimes is a a larger potential throughput. There's a larger discrepancy in performance on nurture than almost any part on acquisition. And so we focus at acquisition.com on that super heavily because it's one of the easiest, lowest risk levers that you can you don't even have to change any of your marketing to change anybody delivery. You just

nurture better. Okay. Number 23. So, this is going to be a call back, which is never rely on another business to feed yours. Now, I made an entire video about one itis, which is that if you only have one kind of point of failure, that becomes the weak link in the chain.

And so, I told you about the the gym mastermind that I joined, and everybody there was running Groupon. Well, guess what happened when Groupon stopped working? They were all out of luck, right? You have to you ideally want to have multiple ways to get customers.

Now, I like to have multiple ways to get customers as I get bigger. I want to have one channel that I can reliably get customers when I'm starting out. But if it's another business that's my source, I don't like that. So, there's a difference between uh having a single channel risk versus another business risk. So, if another business can choose to shut off my my leaf flow tomorrow,

very risky. And so, if I say, okay, I I do door knockocking or I do outbound, that is one channel and that can scale up usually to about a million dollars a month. And then at that point, you can kind of diversify. Now, if you're brick-andmortar or local, it's one of those businesses that's a little bit different than like the online or national space, which is that it's

easier to have multiple streams. Typically, with brick and mortar, you're going to have naturally a little bit more word of mouth. It's easy to set up your Google search terms. Winning local SEO, not that hard. Running paid ads local, not that hard. All right? And so, it's more common to have multiple streams open in a local business than it is at a national level. uh just because

of the nature of basically the ease of competition there. The next three lessons are going to be 24 25 26 which is uh close to when I finish the gym and so my gym my gym season and so we're going to end uh on there. So 24 25 26.

All right. And so all three of these are going to be around people. And so the first thing is around what you have to pay for people. All right. So, if you can't pay to get pre great people, you're going to have to work to get great people. So, let me put it differently. It is faster to get better people by raising how much you're willing to pay. You'll just have better

quality candidates that'll come towards you if you raise basically the ticket or the barrier to entry. That being said, I have had exceptional people that came for less. You just have to talk to like 10 times more people to find those people. So, it's basically like in a video game, you have to like grind or pay, right? It's like you you have to like work to level up or you can pay to

level up. Well, if you're poor, you're starting out in your business, it just means that you're going to work and the work is outreach and running, you know, job postings and doing a lot of interviews and kissing a lot of toads before you find your magic prince, which hey, I'm glad that you found your magic prince, which was your customer success rep. All right? And so, you either got

to grind or you got to pay. So, that's not number one. That's number 24, but number one for people. So, number 25 is a platinum roll. And this was a really eye- openening experience for me. I had an employee that taught me one of the most interesting lessons I've ever learned in managing people. So, my single best manager across all my gym locations, everyone loved him. He was an

amazing trainer. He had great energy. He was in shape. He was great at sales. He was awesome. So, I ended up promoting him to manager and he did an amazing job. One of the best managers ever had.

And at like month six, he came to me and he was like, "Hey, man. I don't want to be manager anymore." And I was like, "What's going on? What's wrong? Like, let's figure this out." And he was like, "I just don't like the stress of being manager." He's like, "I'd rather just like train clients, train myself, go home." And I was like, "Well, so you still want to work here?" He was like,

"Yeah, no, I love it here." I was like, "Okay." I was like, "So, you just want to go back to your old job?" And he was like, "Yeah." So, I was like, "You're going to make half as much money." He said, "I'll just be poor then." And I remember him saying that and it was like my world like twirled around me. I was like, "I don't understand this at all." But he said it with so much conviction.

I was like, I don't understand it, but I respect it. And the lesson that I took away from that was not everyone's motivated by the same things as me. And to the same degree, it means that they're motivated by other things. And I have to learn what those other things are so that I can build career paths and roles and incentives that are right for them. And so that was the whole concept

of the platinum rule rather than the golden rule. Instead of like treat others the way you want to be treated, it was treat others the way they want to be treated. And that was my big takeaway that I've tried to stick with myself to this day that I still mess up all the time. But it was just like it was such a crazy lesson I fig I'd share. So 26 on people. Can you be friends with your

employees? This is a a controversial one. Employees. Friends. I'll tell you the difference. So when I started, I was friends with all my employees. Whatever the professional line was, I definitely didn't have it. And so I was just friends cuz I was 20some, right? and all the people who work for me were 20

something. Like we're all just like a bunch of bunch of hooligans, right? Like trying to run a business. Basically, I didn't run that well, right? Like I would show my emotions on my sleeves. If I was upset, they would be upset. I'd take my emotions out on them. And like when I needed them to change something, it was weird because we were friends.

I'm like, "Hey man, can you you know, like it just was it sucked." So I then kind of created the rule like you can't be friends with your employees, right? And so I kind of lived that way for a while. And that maintained a professional line. And I would say that where I'm at now in my career is that you can be friends with your employees as long as you maintain a clear line

which is that you they have to respect. And the easiest way that I have delineated this is literally doing a hat change. Sounds silly but it doesn't have to be an actual hat but I I'll start a conversation be like friend hat and then I'll talk whatever I'm going to talk and sometimes like hey man boss hat like this is this is what's going wrong like you need to change this right? And by

being able to maintain that and I don't know if that's a maturity thing or whatever's happened. First was like friends with everyone that didn't work. Friends with no one. Uh you can do that but I would say like life is lonely. Um and then the you know the third version at least where I'm at now is that these are the people that help me accomplish my goals. I mean I can't imagine a

better definition of a friend. People who like try to help you accomplish what you're what you're trying to do. And so the people that work at acquisition.com I'm friends with many of them. But we also have a line of kind of like mutual respect and professionalism because at the end of the day this is kind of you know we're business athletes and we're all on a team and so everyone needs to

perform and so it's kind of having more like a coach relationship I think where it's like a coach is still I would say friends with the players but there's just some line that you don't cross and I think that that's that's really what it comes down to like I'm there for them 100%. I'm probably not going to like come in in tears because my dog dies to somebody who's on my team like I don't

think that'd be appropriate, right? So it's just maintaining that line. So, these are the 26 lessons I learned from building my gyms. And if you want to see me apply these lessons to a real everyday business that's not at all in this space, check out over here where I help a stranger build a million-dollar business. And dry.